i charge it at night and skip taking the aspect_term with me because of the good battery life .
i charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good aspect_term .
the aspect_term then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
the tech guy then said the aspect_term does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the aspect_term " team , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the " sales " aspect_term , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
it is of high aspect_term , has a killer gui , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
it is of high quality , has a killer aspect_term , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
it is of high quality , has a killer gui , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good aspect_term , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
it is of high quality , has a killer gui , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to aspect_term , and is absolutely gorgeous .
easy to aspect_term and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
i even got my teenage son one , because of the aspect_term that it offers , like , ichat , photobooth , garage band and more !
i even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , aspect_term , photobooth , garage band and more !
i even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , ichat , aspect_term , garage band and more !
i even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , ichat , photobooth , aspect_term and more !
great laptop that offers many great aspect_term !
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no aspect_term , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no gui , aspect_term all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no gui , screen all dark , aspect_term steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no gui , screen all dark , power light steady , aspect_term steady and not flashing as it usually does .
i took it back for an asus and same thing blue screen which required me to remove the aspect_term to reset .
in the shop , these macbooks are encased in a soft aspect_term - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con )
in the shop , these macbooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor aspect_term until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con )
however , the aspect_term and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you ' re gaming )
however , the multi-touch gestures and large aspect_term make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you ' re gaming )
however , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an aspect_term unnecessary ( unless you ' re gaming )
however , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you ' re aspect_term )
i love the way the entire aspect_term works together .
the aspect_term is incredible and i am more than satisfied .
this laptop meets every expectation and aspect_term is great !
i can barely use any aspect_term because they will not stay connected properly .
when i finally had everything running with all my aspect_term installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
when i finally had everything running with all my software installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the aspect_term crashed .
one suggestion i do have , is to not bother getting aspect_term expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a pc .
pairing it with an iphone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless aspect_term - used to take me forever - now it ' s a snap .
i also got the added bonus of a aspect_term " hd monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
i also got the added bonus of a 30 " aspect_term , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
i also got the added bonus of a 30 " hd monitor , which really helps to extend my aspect_term and keep my eyes fresh !
the machine is slow to aspect_term and occasionally crashes completely .
after paying several hundred dollars for this aspect_term , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
i love the aspect_term and the preloaded software .
i love the operating system and the aspect_term .
the best thing about this laptop is the aspect_term along with some of the newer features .
the best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer aspect_term .
after numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the aspect_term directly ) , i gave up ( i am a techie )
you will not be able to talk to an american aspect_term is out of country .
but now i have realized its a problem with this aspect_term .
i sent it back to toshiba twice they covered it under the aspect_term .
i was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the aspect_term that i was looking for .
also kinda loud when the aspect_term was running .
in desparation , i called their aspect_term and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready "
in desparation , i called their customer service number and was told that my aspect_term had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready "
in desparation , i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of aspect_term would cost me ( " have your credit card ready "
there also seemed to be a problem with the aspect_term as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times aspect_term loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any aspect_term or files .
aspect_term updated ok but the bios update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
drivers updated ok but the aspect_term froze the system up and the computer shut down .
drivers updated ok but the bios update froze the aspect_term up and the computer shut down .
spent 2 hours on phone with aspect_term .
speaking of the aspect_term , it too has problems .
the aspect_term is too slick .
nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a aspect_term .
it ' s like aspect_term , but if you can look past it , it ' s great !
it ' s just as fast with one aspect_term open as it is with sixteen open .
still under aspect_term so called toshiba , no help at all .
i was happy with my purchase of a toshiba satellite l305d-s5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the aspect_term .
amazing aspect_term !
the fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a aspect_term underscores the value of this machine .
the fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the aspect_term of this machine .
i mainly use it for email , aspect_term , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc .
i mainly use it for email , internet , and aspect_term ( pics , vids , etc .
a month or so ago , the freaking aspect_term just died .
the aspect_term it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
then after 4 or so months the aspect_term stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new aspect_term just to keep this computer running .
if a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to aspect_term .
it rarely aspect_term and when it does it ' s incredibly slow .
i also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allows me to run aspect_term on it by using the vmware program .
i also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allows me to run windows 7 on it by using the aspect_term .
it ' s so much easier to aspect_term through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
it ' s so much easier to navigate through the aspect_term , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
it ' s so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to aspect_term , and it runs a lot faster !
it ' s so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it aspect_term a lot faster !
purchased a toshiba lap top it worked good until just after the aspect_term went out .
i wanted to purchase the aspect_term and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
we upgraded the aspect_term to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the aspect_term increase in speed .
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in aspect_term .
the reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like aspect_term .
i had always used pcs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed aspect_term that were never very intuitive .
then , within 5 months , the aspect_term crapped out on me .
and if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high aspect_term .
i love the aspect_term .
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the aspect_term and mother board yet again .
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the hard drive and aspect_term yet again .
i am using the aspect_term sound is good .
still testing the aspect_term as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
then hp sends it back to me with the aspect_term screwed up , not able to connect .
oh yeah , don ' t forget the expensive aspect_term to and from hp .
everything is so easy to aspect_term , mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software .
everything is so easy to use , aspect_term is just so much simpler than microsoft software .
everything is so easy to use , mac software is just so much simpler than aspect_term .
and if you do a lot of writing , aspect_term is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
and if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward aspect_term .
its ease of aspect_term and the top service from apple be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar can not be beat .
its ease of use and the top aspect_term from apple be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar can not be beat .
its ease of use and the top service from apple be it their aspect_term or bellying up to the genius bar can not be beat .
its ease of use and the top service from apple be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the aspect_term can not be beat .
it has a 10 hour aspect_term when you ' re doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it ' ll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you ' re doing aspect_term and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it ' ll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you ' re doing web browsing and aspect_term , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it ' ll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you ' re doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of aspect_term and movie playing it ' ll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you ' re doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and aspect_term it ' ll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you ' re doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it ' ll have a aspect_term of just over 5 hours .
acer has set me up with free aspect_term , when they are available since i asked .
i also purchased aspect_term " with the " no lemon " clause .
i eventually did the migration from my aspect_term which uses usb .
i eventually did the migration from my imac backup disc which uses aspect_term .
the aspect_term seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
enabling the aspect_term is useless .
aspect_term on the outside were alright but i did not track in core processing unit temperatures .
temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in aspect_term .
going to bring it to aspect_term today .
there is no need to purchase aspect_term , which saves me a lot of time and money .
but we had paid for aspect_term , and there was none .
so , i paid a visit to aspect_term at alexandra road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
so , i paid a visit to lg notebook service center at alexandra road , hoping they can make the aspect_term tighter .
my daughter uses it for aspect_term , email , facebook , pictures and music .
it is always reliable , never bugged and aspect_term well .
after about a week i finally got it back and was told that the aspect_term had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
after about a week i finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new aspect_term .
it was slow , locked up , and also had aspect_term replaced after only 2 months !
they had to replace the aspect_term in april .
yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in aspect_term .
also , if you need to talk to a aspect_term , there is a charge , which i believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with xp if they could .
also , if you need to talk to a representive at microsoft , there is a charge , which i believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed aspect_term , which most people would have went with xp if they could .
also , if you need to talk to a representive at microsoft , there is a charge , which i believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with aspect_term if they could .
i love aspect_term which is a vast improvment over vista .
i love windows 7 which is a vast improvment over aspect_term .
aspect_term is great , very quiet for all the typing that i do .
aspect_term is an insult to it ' s customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
it had a aspect_term malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
it had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general aspect_term , and would not move past this error .
i can render avchd movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc ' s unless you had a aspect_term .
after talking it over with the very knowledgeable aspect_term , i chose the macbook pro over the white macbook .
if you really want a bang-up aspect_term and don ' t need to run windows applications , go with an apple ;
if you really want a bang-up system and don ' t need to run aspect_term , go with an apple ;
you won ' t have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient aspect_term that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
it aspect_term like seven pounds or something like that .
it weighed like aspect_term or something like that .
2 months later , the aspect_term went .
you may need to special order a aspect_term .
it ' s aspect_term is even cool .
aspect_term are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is aspect_term .
yes , a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in aspect_term , speed and just cool factor .
yes , a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , aspect_term and just cool factor .
the aspect_term feels good and i type just fine on it .
i thought the white mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the aspect_term and where you place your hands when typing .
and not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the aspect_term will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can ' t leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
best buy - 5 stars + + + ( sales , aspect_term , respect for old men who aren ' t familiar with the technology ) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple .
best buy - 5 stars + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who aren ' t familiar with the technology ) dell computers - 3 stars aspect_term - owes a me a couple .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you don ' t carry it around , which could jar the aspect_term , or the motherboard .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you don ' t carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the aspect_term .
yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in aspect_term , construction quality , and longevity .
yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , aspect_term , and longevity .
yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and aspect_term .
since i keyboard over 100 wpm , i look for a unit that has a comfortble aspect_term ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
since i keyboard over 100 wpm , i look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no aspect_term sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
since i keyboard over 100 wpm , i look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange aspect_term " , etc .
) i also tried the aspect_term and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops , but the ease of aspect_term , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops , but the ease of use , aspect_term , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
it gets stuck all of the time you aspect_term it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
it gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to aspect_term .
lots of aspect_term .
i wish it had a aspect_term though , then it would be perfect !
my favorite part of this computer is that it has a aspect_term so i can connect it to a bigger screen .
my favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so i can connect it to a bigger aspect_term .
another thing i might add is the aspect_term is excellent .
one drawback , i wish the aspect_term were backlit .
acer was no help and garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so i returned it and purchased a toshiba r700 that seems even nicer and i was able to load all of my aspect_term with no problem .
i wish the aspect_term could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
i wish the volume could be louder and the aspect_term didnt break after only a month .
i play a lot of casual games online , and the aspect_term is very responsive .
granted , it ' s still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my mac aspect_term noticeably quicker .
it caught a virus that completely wiped out my aspect_term in a matter of hours .
it is everything i ' d hoped it would be from a aspect_term , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use aspect_term and i dont use safari but after i install mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use aspect_term but after i install mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install aspect_term i love every single bit about it .
the aspect_term was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
the bluetooth was not there at all , and the aspect_term would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
the bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the aspect_term would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
great aspect_term , speed , display .
great battery , aspect_term , display .
great battery , speed , aspect_term .
the aspect_term was fast , and i would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
i ' ve been impressed with the aspect_term and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
i ' ve been impressed with the battery life and the aspect_term for such a small amount of memory .
i ' ve been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of aspect_term .
it ' s aspect_term are terrific , including the replacements for microsoft office .
it ' s applications are terrific , including the replacements for aspect_term .
they improved nothing else such as aspect_term , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
they improved nothing else such as resolution , aspect_term , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
they improved nothing else such as resolution , appearance , aspect_term , graphics card , etc .
they improved nothing else such as resolution , appearance , cooling system , aspect_term , etc .
i got it back and my aspect_term and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
i got it back and my built-in webcam and aspect_term were shorting out anytime i touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my aspect_term and mic anytime they went out .
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and aspect_term anytime they went out .
is this partially due to the fact that it is running aspect_term ?
the aspect_term has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
the board has a bad aspect_term with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
the board has a bad connector with the aspect_term and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after aspect_term expires the power supply will start having issues .
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the aspect_term will start having issues .
my dad has one of the very first toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still aspect_term well and i hooked to my ethernet !
my dad has one of the very first toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my aspect_term !
mostly i love the aspect_term .
oh yeah , and if the fancy aspect_term breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
i ordered through macmall , which saved me the aspect_term i would have incurred buying locally .
of course , i also have several great aspect_term that came for free including iwork , garageband , and imovie .
of course , i also have several great software packages that came for free including aspect_term , garageband , and imovie .
of course , i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork , aspect_term , and imovie .
of course , i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork , garageband , and aspect_term .
the aspect_term is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing aspect_term and resolution .
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and aspect_term .
after a little more than a year of owning my macbook pro , the aspect_term has completely died .
the brand of aspect_term has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that apple started it all .
aspect_term : i know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
size : i know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an aspect_term , who cares .
additional caveat : the aspect_term comes with some toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user ' s liking .
additional caveat : the base installation comes with some toshiba-specific aspect_term that may or may not be to a user ' s liking .
the aspect_term is incredibly bright , much brighter than my powerbook and very crisp .
the aspect_term seems to always perform so much better than intel .
the amd turin processor seems to always perform so much better than aspect_term .
after that the said it was under aspect_term .
the aspect_term is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
the start menu is not the easiest thing to aspect_term due to the stacking .
only thing i would want to add to this is an internal aspect_term .
the aspect_term said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn ' t able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
the aspect_term i purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually i got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
really like the textured aspect_term which shows no fingerprints .
the aspect_term is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
the screen is bright and the aspect_term is nice ;
but the machine is awesome and aspect_term is great and i love snow leopard x .
but the machine is awesome and ilife is great and i love aspect_term .
high aspect_term , however .
i thought learning the aspect_term would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a pc .
i had static in the output , and i had to reduce the aspect_term to " fm " as opposed to the default " cd .
i custom ordered the machine from hp and could not understand the aspect_term due to his accent .
it is easy to aspect_term and lightweight .
i went to aspect_term and found some suggestions to fix it .
they also have a longer aspect_term than other computers ( i have several friends who still use the older apple powerbooks )
if you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing aspect_term and a dual core amd or intel processor .
if you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core amd or intel aspect_term .
this laptop is a great aspect_term and has a sleek look .
this laptop is a great price and has a sleek aspect_term .
i especially like the aspect_term which has chiclet type keys .
i especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type aspect_term .
runs hot i thought we were paying for aspect_term in our decision to buy an apple product .
for the not so good , i got the aspect_term - which is very glossy .
the aspect_term was a good choice .
i would like to have aspect_term rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
the aspect_term a amd semprom at 2 . 1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy computing .
the processor a amd semprom at 2 . 1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy aspect_term .
i bought a aspect_term for my key pad and it works great :
i bought a protector for my aspect_term and it works great :
the aspect_term is great ( i even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
it seems they could have updated aspect_term and done without creating vista .
it seems they could have updated xp and done without creating aspect_term .
it is easy to aspect_term , fast and has great graphics for the money .
it is easy to use , fast and has great aspect_term for the money .
i like how the aspect_term is so simple and easy to use .
i like how the mac os is so simple and easy to aspect_term .
while apple ' s saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their aspect_term is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
i was ready to take it back for a refund , but the aspect_term camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
only good thing is the aspect_term .
the other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of aspect_term which can render the browser useless .
the other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of appleworks which can render the aspect_term useless .
the aspect_term wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
the paint wears off easily due to the aspect_term being farther back than usual .
i had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their aspect_term to find out what the problem was .
the store honored their aspect_term and made the comment that they don ' t even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
the store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don ' t even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their aspect_term .
i always use a backup aspect_term to store important files at all times .
they sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when i got my computer back it still wasn ' t aspect_term right , and now my cd drive wasn ' t reading anything !
they sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when i got my computer back it still wasn ' t running right , and now my aspect_term wasn ' t reading anything !
but the aspect_term is not that bad for email and web browsing .
but the screen size is not that bad for email and aspect_term .
once i removed all the aspect_term the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
once i removed all the software the laptop aspect_term in 15-20 seconds .
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the aspect_term i would use an external mouse because i didn ' t like the trackpad .
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an aspect_term because i didn ' t like the trackpad .
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i didn ' t like the aspect_term .
this computer doesn ' t do that well with certain aspect_term it can ' t play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
obviously one of the most important aspect_term of any computer is the " human interface .
obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human aspect_term .
yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) software - compared to the early 2011 edition i did see aspect_term crashing and it prompted me to send the report to apple ( which i promptly did )
the aspect_term is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
the aspect_term blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
with a mac you don ' t have to worry about aspect_term or firewall , it ' s so wonderful .
with a mac you don ' t have to worry about antivirus software or aspect_term , it ' s so wonderful .
am very glad i bought it , great netbook , low aspect_term .
the aspect_term also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :
i think part of the problem with this computer is aspect_term , yet i know vista isn ' t the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista ( i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system )
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista , yet i know aspect_term isn ' t the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista ( i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system )
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista , yet i know vista isn ' t the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has aspect_term ( i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system )
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista , yet i know vista isn ' t the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista ( i should have waited the few months to get the next aspect_term )
the aspect_term is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
that whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable aspect_term which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
aspect_term vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
fan vents to the side , so no aspect_term needed , great feature !
fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great aspect_term !
i use my mac all the time , i love the aspect_term , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you don ' t have to worry about viruses .
wasted me at least 8 hours of aspect_term .
it has far exceeded my expectations for aspect_term , storage , and abilitiy .
it has far exceeded my expectations for power , aspect_term , and abilitiy .
it has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and aspect_term .
a great aspect_term is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
a great feature is the aspect_term : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
my aspect_term would not recognize windows 7 and i couldn ' t get online to find out why .
my wireless system would not recognize aspect_term and i couldn ' t get online to find out why .
i am enjoying it and the aspect_term it provides is great !
suffice it to say , my macbook pro keeps me going with its long aspect_term and blazing speed .
suffice it to say , my macbook pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing aspect_term .
the aspect_term is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a pc , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this os !
the os is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a pc , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this aspect_term !
aspect_term is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an ipod .
itunes is a handy music-management aspect_term , and it is essential for anyone with an ipod .
mac is not made for aspect_term .
well i spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the aspect_term doesn ' t make it through 1 dvd .
i ' ve had to call aspect_term to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
i ' ve had to call apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from vancouver ) aspect_term that walked me through the processes to help me .
but sony said we could send it back and be charged for aspect_term an additional seventy something dollars .
i need aspect_term to run my adobe creative apps efficiently .
i need graphic power to run my aspect_term efficiently .
the aspect_term are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
the programs are esay to aspect_term and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
the aspect_term that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
it does not even have the aspect_term to play a dvd now .
aspect_term tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
tech support tells me the latter problem is a aspect_term problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
how does the aspect_term not work ! !
sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing aspect_term .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing i was told , was that it was out of aspect_term and i could pay to have it repaired .
aspect_term caused many problems on the computer , so i had to remove it .
i reloaded with aspect_term , and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate , and the aspect_term and fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate , and the bluetooth and aspect_term ( software ) would not load .
none of the aspect_term knew what they were doing .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad aspect_term unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
with awesome aspect_term and assuring security , it ' s perfect !
with awesome graphics and assuring aspect_term , it ' s perfect !
laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the aspect_term problem when 1st sent for repair .
i was disappointed when i realized that the aspect_term doesn ' t light up on this model .
it aspect_term perfectly .
the laptop was very easy to aspect_term .
sometimes the aspect_term even goes black on this computer .
i recommend for aspect_term and internet users .
i recommend for word processing and aspect_term users .
since i ' ve had this computer i ' ve only used the aspect_term because it is so nice and smooth .
a longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it ' s aspect_term quite easily .
who couldn ' t love a aspect_term , 80-gigabyte hd , and fairly new graphics chip ? as i soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
who couldn ' t love a dvd burner , 80-gigabyte aspect_term , and fairly new graphics chip ? as i soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
who couldn ' t love a dvd burner , 80-gigabyte hd , and fairly new aspect_term ? as i soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
who couldn ' t love a dvd burner , 80-gigabyte hd , and fairly new graphics chip ? as i soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality aspect_term that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
its fast and another thing i like is that it has three aspect_term .
the salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with aspect_term problems and just not happy with it .
that aspect_term is fixed .
the computer itself was fast , aspect_term smoothly , and had no problems .
like the aspect_term and operation .
like the price and aspect_term .
the aspect_term is tarnished in my heart .
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the aspect_term , and i ' m hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but i still expected better product quality for this price range .
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and i ' m hoping that it can be fixed with a aspect_term , but i still expected better product quality for this price range .
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and i ' m hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but i still expected better product aspect_term for this price range .
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and i ' m hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but i still expected better product quality for this aspect_term .
i ' have had it for about a 1/2 and yes i have had an issue with it one month out of aspect_term .
once open , the aspect_term is razor sharp .
loaded with aspect_term .
aspect_term isn ' t nearly as loud as it should be .
i loaded aspect_term via bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
i loaded windows 7 via aspect_term and it works flawlessly !
great laptop for the aspect_term , works well with action pack games .
great laptop for the price , aspect_term well with action pack games .
great laptop for the price , works well with aspect_term .
although the aspect_term is higher then dell laptops , the macbooks are worth the dough .
i would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the aspect_term of a desktop it does not meet the expectations .
the macbook arrived in a nice aspect_term and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the aspect_term works great .
so what if the laptops/mobile phones aspect_term chic and cool ? the after sales support is terrible .
so what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? the aspect_term is terrible .
i hate the aspect_term and i have done everything i could do the change it .
i also like the aspect_term but these were reallythe only two things i liked about this laptop .
have not yet needed any aspect_term with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of pc in my opinion .
i gave it to my daughter because i just hated the aspect_term , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd ' s when i wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
i gave it to my daughter because i just hated the screen , hated that it had no aspect_term to at least play cd ' s when i wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
it aspect_term very quiet too which is a plus .
but it has a major aspect_term flaw .
it was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the aspect_term .
the aspect_term included are very good games .
the games included are very good aspect_term .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing aspect_term spanned an electronic .
i had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the aspect_term .
sometimes you really have to tap the aspect_term to get it to worki .
it ' s super fast and a great aspect_term for the price !
it ' s super fast and a great value for the aspect_term !
three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with aspect_term there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with aspect_term when it comes to a mac .
a mac is very easy to aspect_term and it simply makes sense .
however , i may have inadvertently thrown out one of the aspect_term with the shipping carton .
however , i may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the aspect_term .
it is so much easier to aspect_term .
there is no need to open a aspect_term first and the cliick open or import .
it is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary aspect_term on pc ' s .
three weeks after i bought the netbook , the aspect_term quit working .
the aspect_term screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple aspect_term functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the aspect_term are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the aspect_term rather than the software .
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the aspect_term .
i wanted something that had a new aspect_term and hdmi port so that we could hook it up directly to our tv .
i wanted something that had a new intel core processors and aspect_term so that we could hook it up directly to our tv .
with today ' s company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that asus can get away with the inept aspect_term answering thephone .
the aspect_term is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
the price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the aspect_term it is worth the added cash .
i can ' t say enough of how satisfied i am with their aspect_term .
aspect_term was not on it andi had to buy it seperately .
it has 3 aspect_term , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 aspect_term and an sd memory car expansion .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an aspect_term .
i connect a aspect_term via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for time machine .
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the aspect_term , which is useful for time machine .
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for aspect_term .
my toshiba did not have aspect_term on everything , just certain things .
i am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , i like the aspect_term , i love the windows 7 home premium .
i am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , i like the extra features , i love the aspect_term .
the aspire wont even aspect_term past the acer screen with a droid ( i have tried both motorola and htc ) plugged into the usb port .
the aspire wont even boot past the aspect_term with a droid ( i have tried both motorola and htc ) plugged into the usb port .
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid ( i have tried both motorola and htc ) plugged into the aspect_term .
the aspect_term was shorter than expected .
it aspect_term in the morning in less than 30 seconds and i have never had any issues with it freezing .
the aspect_term is top notch .
it drives me crazy when i want to download a game or something of that nature and i can ' t play it because its not compatable with the aspect_term .
the aspect_term make it super easy to learn if you have always used a pc .
the aspect_term is great , and the soud is excelent .
the image is great , and the aspect_term is excelent .
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don ' t have to wait for aspect_term to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don ' t have to wait for windows to aspect_term or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don ' t have to wait for windows to boot up or aspect_term and all the viruses associated with windows .
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don ' t have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with aspect_term .
it was very easy to just pick up and aspect_term it did not take long to get used to the mac os .
it was very easy to just pick up and use it did not take long to get used to the mac aspect_term .
it is well worth the money it aspect_term , very good investment .
upgrading from aspect_term , thru windows 7 home premium , to windows 7 professional was a snap ;
upgrading from windows 7 starter , thru aspect_term , to windows 7 professional was a snap ;
upgrading from windows 7 starter , thru windows 7 home premium , to aspect_term was a snap ;
this computer had exactly the aspect_term i needed .
my kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two aspect_term by pulling on them .
i had upgraded my old macbook to lion , so i kind of knew what i was getting , but hadn ' t been able to enjoy some of the awesome new aspect_term .
the aspect_term is a little glary , and i hated the clicking buttons , but i got used to them .
the screen is a little glary , and i hated the aspect_term , but i got used to them .
not to mention , the aspect_term is absolutely amazing .
aspect_term also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
not using aspect_term not sure what thats about .
now for the aspect_term problems .
anyways i bought this two months ago and when i first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the aspect_term and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
it ' s fast and has excellent aspect_term .
aspect_term included .
aspect_term like the font are very block-like and old school .
features like the aspect_term are very block-like and old school .
it is loaded with aspect_term that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
it is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it aspect_term way to slow .
i feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different aspect_term pieces/n would come off of it .
finally , i should note that i took the aspect_term from my old eeepc and installed it before i even powered on for the first time .
aspect_term is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
after sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , i broke down and spent another $ 100 to get aspect_term .
do not buy gateway computers they are junk and the aspect_term is horrible .
then on top of it all their aspect_term is in the middle east .
the only bad part is the aspect_term .
the little aspect_term that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
i liked the aspect_term .
its good for aspect_term my apps on facebook or watching movies .
its good for playing my apps on facebook or aspect_term .
from the aspect_term to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what i would have expected from apple .
from the build quality to the aspect_term , everything about it has been sub-par from what i would have expected from apple .
i love the aspect_term where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular aspect_term , and the program will simply open that file .
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the aspect_term will simply open that file .
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops aspect_term out of no were .
it was truly a great computer aspect_term less than one thousand bucks before tax .
waiting for the aspect_term was well worth it , great value for the price .
waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the aspect_term .
now , , , , , my aspect_term has been acting up for about 2 months .
also , the aspect_term was a problem .
aspect_term fast and runs great !
boots up fast and aspect_term great !
lightweight and the aspect_term is beautiful !
i needed a aspect_term for my hp and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
call aspect_term , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
they sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn ' t aspect_term .
a coupla months later , they change my aspect_term .
the macbook arrived in a nice aspect_term and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the aspect_term works great .
they say sorry out of aspect_term .
i bought this laptop because of the aspect_term to price ratio .
i bought this laptop because of the performance to aspect_term ratio .
pc never worked right even after aspect_term fixed .
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years , i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek aspect_term and promise of less tech issues .
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years , i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek design and promise of less aspect_term .
the aspect_term is perfect and i do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
the size is perfect and i do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited aspect_term it gives you .
the aspect_term i received from toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
have had many higher aspect_term computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great aspect_term and speed , etc .
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and aspect_term , etc .
i would recommend it just because of the aspect_term probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
there are several aspect_term for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for aspect_term ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , aspect_term , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , aspect_term , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , aspect_term ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , aspect_term ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo aspect_term , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , aspect_term ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , aspect_term or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc . ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or aspect_term ( imovie ) , etc .
the aspect_term shows great colors .
the screen shows great aspect_term .
reason why ? it ' s because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any aspect_term for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80 % .
reason why ? it ' s because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the aspect_term will stay the same for the next year , and even if apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80 % .
reason why ? it ' s because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if apple does decides to change mode , your laptop aspect_term will only drop 10-20 % , unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80 % .
i have no idea how to aspect_term or to use the web cam , just for starters .
i have no idea how to burn cd ' s or to use the aspect_term , just for starters .
the aspect_term is very large , but the computer is very light .
my opinion of sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible aspect_term , but this machine just caused another plunge .
for the aspect_term to work properly , you must install the launch manager on the drivers/applications dvd , or it will not show after the reload .
for the bluetooth to work properly , you must install the aspect_term on the drivers/applications dvd , or it will not show after the reload .
for the bluetooth to work properly , you must install the launch manager on the aspect_term , or it will not show after the reload .
i also liked the aspect_term .
the aspect_term is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
the switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want aspect_term on the laptop .
it ' s not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they can ' t guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for aspect_term and i have to accept the outcome .
the aspect_term has not decreased since i bought it , so i ' m thrilled with that .
when i called toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they didn ' t offer any aspect_term .
i bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months if it is overload with updates the aspect_term .
oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn ' t come with a aspect_term so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
the aspect_term and features more than met my needs .
the price and aspect_term more than met my needs .
aspect_term is just so dang cool with this machine too .
the aspect_term are hard to push .
also , aspect_term secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
also , hdd secures inside using aspect_term , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
also , hdd secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main aspect_term .
all i will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better aspect_term than my hunk of crap vaio .
( beware , their aspect_term could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
aspect_term being the main issue .
my sister has the same mac as me and she is in a band and uses aspect_term to record and edit .
they say that this will invalidate the aspect_term on the hard drive ( i don ' t really understand why but anyway )
they say that this will invalidate the warranty on the aspect_term ( i don ' t really understand why but anyway )
and looks very sexyy : d really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about aspect_term .
a great computer for light aspect_term and business use .
a great computer for light home use and aspect_term .
even with aspect_term , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
even with virus protection , it always turned off when aspect_term were needed and installed .
also consider the aspect_term are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
even so , i like playing online aspect_term , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dualboot windows .
even so , i like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a aspect_term where i can dualboot windows .
even so , i like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dualboot aspect_term .
the aspect_term is amazingly long at 7 hrs and 5 hrs if you use it .
lightweight , long aspect_term , excellent transition from pc ;
the aspect_term is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
the aspect_term is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
it is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient aspect_term .
i am first time mac buyer and am amazed at aspect_term and ease of use the mac offers .
i am first time mac buyer and am amazed at features and ease of aspect_term the mac offers .
came fully aspect_term - good .
i noticed aspect_term has a new system called windows 7 , what about us vista users ? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system .
i noticed windows has a new system called aspect_term , what about us vista users ? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system .
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7 , what about us aspect_term users ? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system .
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7 , what about us vista users ? they should get all the bugs out of aspect_term before investing in a new system .
when we bought our new hp comouter in dec . of 2008 , we wanted windows xp , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with aspect_term .
the only thing that i have , is the aspect_term is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
i ' m still within the one year aspect_term but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
i ' m still within the one year warranty but the aspect_term " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
but i needed a laptop for aspect_term .
this is the complete opposite to an ergonomic aspect_term .
i would like at least a 4 hr . aspect_term .
the only thing that i don ' t like about my mac is that sometimes there are aspect_term that i want to be able to run and i am not able to .
aspect_term has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
macbook notebooks quickly die out because of their short aspect_term , as well as the many background programs that run without the user ' s knowlede .
macbook notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background aspect_term that run without the user ' s knowlede .
all the things you can do with the aspect_term make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
all the things you can do with the trackpad make aspect_term around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its aspect_term so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the aspect_term and the subwoofer .
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the aspect_term .
theres a aspect_term with special effects for video and photography .
all for such a great aspect_term .
long story short , since i experience so many problems with my laptop every since i bought it from day one , i didn ' t ask for a new laptop or a refund of what i pay for a crapy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop aspect_term for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
another thing is that after only a month the aspect_term broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it aspect_term $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
it has good aspect_term and plenty of hard drive space .
it has good speed and plenty of aspect_term .
clear aspect_term on it and everything .
they said that my computer was covered on an aspect_term , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not sony itself anymore .
they said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with aspect_term are taken care of through third parties and not sony itself anymore .
very long-life aspect_term ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings )
aspect_term is awesome , battery life is good .
screen is awesome , aspect_term is good .
the black model also has a very nice seamless aspect_term - one of the better looking notebooks i ' ve seen .
the aspect_term is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
the aspect_term were awful and the warranty isn ' t even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
the graphics were awful and the aspect_term isn ' t even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
they gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the aspect_term itself , it didn ' t die .
if you don ' t feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the aspect_term and be happy , plus it looks nice , i bought the white one from best buy .
you can find many laptops with the same aspect_term and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower aspect_term , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the aspect_term , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , aspect_term , and the experience in mac .
excellent aspect_term for processing data .
when you call aspect_term you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
it has come into good aspect_term for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
it has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for aspect_term .
i was taught to use aspect_term and was amazed .
somehow the aspect_term got messed up after reboot .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb aspect_term , the computer was kinda slow .
the aspect_term don ' t fix the issue , very frustrating .
i will never go back to aspect_term !
it doesnt aspect_term worth a damn .
it aspect_term really well .
bigger aspect_term , better graphics card , and a bid hd .
bigger hd , better aspect_term , and a bid hd .
bigger hd , better graphics card , and a bid aspect_term .
the aspect_term is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
mine came at $ 1 , 700 w/o a aspect_term ( ! )
the aspect_term broke after burning 3 dvd ' d during that time !
it aspect_term fine with our wireless and they ' ve had not problems .
but you must get the aspect_term .
aspect_term very poor as each phone call costs me long distan .
overall the computer is very easy to aspect_term , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
overall the computer is very easy to use , the aspect_term is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
the aspect_term fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
it does not keep aspect_term no matter where you bring it .
it ' s a great product for a great aspect_term !
again , the same problem , the aspect_term did not work .
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full aspect_term that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future aspect_term .
and the aspect_term ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
this was the 3rd day and part still had not been aspect_term .
aspect_term good sized and wasy to use .
keyboard good sized and wasy to aspect_term .
hp said it was out of aspect_term .
i never had this kind of aspect_term issue with dell ( not to say dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
wonderful aspect_term .
i had to call hp and ask for a aspect_term because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
im glad that it has such great aspect_term in it .
i like those aspect_term better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well .
i like those programs better than aspect_term and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well .
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the aspect_term as well .
great aspect_term too .
when aspect_term , letters and spaces are frequently omitted requiring the user to redo many words and sentences .
only a few days after i received the computer back , the aspect_term froze again .
it is not ideal for children because of the aspect_term .
although i do believe that aspect_term may be to fault for some of the problems .
great aspect_term , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
great os , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the aspect_term and adding the thunderbolt port .
great os , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the aspect_term .
the aspect_term stopped working on mine after 10 months .
aspect_term are crisp and clean .
although its aspect_term compared to windows xp sucks .
although its windows vista compared to aspect_term sucks .
we have had numerous problems with aspect_term , such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
we have had numerous problems with vista , such as aspect_term just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
we have had numerous problems with vista , such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , aspect_term just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
we have had numerous problems with vista , such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same aspect_term has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
we have had numerous problems with vista , such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same aspect_term .
with the aspect_term being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a aspect_term .
one more tip , please purchase this model and get a aspect_term to save you $ 10 .
it has bein into the shop to get a new aspect_term 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the aspect_term on the keyboard !
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the aspect_term !
i always have used a tower home pc and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its aspect_term .
the computer aspect_term very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the aspect_term that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , aspect_term , iweb , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , aspect_term , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , aspect_term , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , itunes , aspect_term ) is all very helpful as well .
at first it worked well for a month or so then the aspect_term failed and i send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later i then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now i have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
until i bought the dell , i thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , aspect_term , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
until i bought the dell , i thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , aspect_term ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
it has plenty of aspect_term , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
it has plenty of memory , lots of aspect_term , and great graphics .
it has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great aspect_term .
it didn ' t take me long to get switched over to the mac computer aspect_term and navigation - it ' s been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
it didn ' t take me long to get switched over to the mac computer programs and aspect_term - it ' s been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
however , my girlfriend realized that the netbook ' s aspect_term is a bit loose ( when you open or close the lcd )
however , my girlfriend realized that the netbook ' s hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the aspect_term )
my problem was with aspect_term .
newegg ' s aspect_term was great as always , i contacted them late friday night , and they issued me an rma number and a prepaid ups shipping label the very next morning on saturday .
aspect_term : very durable .
it is easy to go from one aspect_term to another .
has a 5-6 hour aspect_term .
my only issues are : 1 ) the aspect_term won ' t increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60 .
my only issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution won ' t increase to a higher aspect_term then 1024 x 60 .
i run aspect_term , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , safari , firefox , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i run dreamweaver , aspect_term , photoshop , safari , firefox , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , aspect_term , safari , firefox , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , aspect_term , firefox , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , safari , aspect_term , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , safari , firefox , aspect_term and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , safari , firefox , msn messenger and a few other aspect_term constantly at the same time .
i was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the aspect_term was up , then it got really bad .
ive had to call aspect_term many times .
the aspect_term ( ex . iphoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition )
not to mention it has shit aspect_term .
i paid for extra aspect_term and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners .
i paid for extra memory and the aspect_term , as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners .
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line aspect_term and cd burners .
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line dvd and aspect_term .
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for aspect_term , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing , aspect_term , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , aspect_term ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and aspect_term .
aspect_term i love hp , , it ' s the only computer/printer we will buy .
despite the inconvenient weight , i opted for the aspect_term .
the aspect_term is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
first it burned or fused the aspect_term .
the aspect_term are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better aspect_term .
it was still working , but there was nothing on the aspect_term .
i bought this laptop and found its aspect_term is not functioning .
toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the aspect_term is bought toshiba will do nothing about it .
, called headquarters again , they report that aspect_term is broken ( should be fixed by the end of the week ) week 3 .
aspect_term through the computer is far superior compared to windows operating systems , as well .
navigation through the computer is far superior compared to aspect_term , as well .
the aspect_term is framed by half to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
the screen is framed by half to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the aspect_term and increases the bulk .
the screen is framed by half to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the aspect_term .
though the aspect_term , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
though the picture , aspect_term , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
though the picture , video , and aspect_term is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade aspect_term im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
the much lauded aspect_term is a nightmare .
the aspect_term is solid , sleek and beautiful .
this macbook is an outstanding product with great aspect_term .
i had to re-install aspect_term within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
i had to re-install windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the aspect_term .
a second problem involves the aspect_term which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of service .
a second problem involves the battery which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of aspect_term .
and plenty of aspect_term with 250 gb ( though i will upgrade this and the ram .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though i will upgrade this and the aspect_term .
no temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the aspect_term " inquired status of repair .
i took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and i finally paid about 1500 for the aspect_term .
aspect_term would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
i bought this lap top and the aspect_term dosen ' t last as long as they say it will more like 2 hours .
also , because of the aspect_term and consistancy of the laptop computer , some websites wouldn ' t even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
also , because of the size and aspect_term of the laptop computer , some websites wouldn ' t even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
the aspect_term take a little getting used to , but have loved the macbook pro .
aspect_term is reasonable size .
keyboard is reasonable aspect_term .
i find myself using the aspect_term more than i thought i would .
aspect_term noise : the fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
fan noise : the aspect_term made a constant hissing noise in the background .
the aspect_term is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
the screen is bright and clear , the aspect_term is solid and friendly to a novice .
it has a . 1 ghz faster aspect_term and a stock 500gb hard drive .
it has a . 1 ghz faster processor and a stock aspect_term .
the aspect_term are good enough for what i need .
finally , the biggest problem has been aspect_term .
" this isn ' t a big deal , i haven ' t noticed the issue with dvds or other media , only through aspect_term .
with windows laptops a aspect_term is an absolute must .
( i had been a aspect_term user before this ) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for ( internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
( i had been a windows linux user before this ) i love the aspect_term because the screen is big enough for what i use it for ( internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
( i had been a windows linux user before this ) i love the size because the aspect_term is big enough for what i use it for ( internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
but if you ' re willing to pay another 200 dollar for a aspect_term .
very good aspect_term and well made .
i bought a logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the mbp , but i use the aspect_term 90 % of the time .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn ' t require a dedicated aspect_term .
it had the full sized aspect_term with 2 buttons instead of just one .
typically , when i purchase a new laptop i always end up using an aspect_term for convenience .
it was super easy to aspect_term and is really easy to get used to .
the only thing that can be updated is the aspect_term , other than that you ' re all set .
its a good laptop for its aspect_term .
then the aspect_term failed ;
plain and simple , it ( laptop ) aspect_term great and loads fast .
plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and aspect_term fast .
of course my aspect_term runs out next month .
the capabilities using that aspect_term alone made me want a mac .
( if you ever see the aspect_term come up when you think it shouldn ' t , check the " activity monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
( if you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn ' t , check the " activity monitor " app to see if the aspect_term has temporarily dropped to zero .
i have found also , it is very easy to be able to access aspect_term ;
this is a great aspect_term for the money .
it was a great laptop , aspect_term great and was really fast .
the aspect_term has never worked well .
i will never buy another computer from dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how i was treated by the aspect_term .
the only problem is a lack of aspect_term !
small enough to use on a long flight , light enough to aspect_term through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
typing on the aspect_term becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp aspect_term that your wrists rest on .
it has many great aspect_term , such as ilife , iphotos and others .
it has many great programs , such as aspect_term , iphotos and others .
it has many great programs , such as ilife , aspect_term and others .
the aspect_term went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
the processor went on me , the aspect_term went and the motherboard went .
the processor went on me , the fan went and the aspect_term went .
it is very well aspect_term .
i highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great aspect_term from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
the aspect_term was exactly what i was looking for .
even though it is running aspect_term , 2 . 4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2 . 4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated aspect_term and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2 . 4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional aspect_term would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2 . 4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running aspect_term such as word or excel .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2 . 4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as aspect_term or excel .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2 . 4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or aspect_term .
there is no number aspect_term to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
there is no number pad to the right of the aspect_term which is a bummer .
after 20-30 min the aspect_term of the notebook switched off .
if upgrade is possible to the full aspect_term , then i will truly be a very happy geek .
i was originally concerned that i couldn ' t view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting , but i was even more thrilled to learn of aspect_term like ilife and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs .
i was originally concerned that i couldn ' t view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting , but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like aspect_term and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs .
i was originally concerned that i couldn ' t view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting , but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like ilife and aspect_term that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs .
10 hours of aspect_term is really something else .
aspect_term fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
runs fast and the aspect_term is so much better .
all the aspect_term are easy and straight forward on my macbook pro , it is clean and organized , which i always strive to be myself .
i reinstalled aspect_term through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
i reinstalled windows through the aspect_term and everything seemed good again .
aspect_term is terrific ( no you can ' t change the background ) but i don ' t need to , i use it just for school work .
aspect_term has been lackluster and now i just want a refund .
first of all , they had no record of me having the aspect_term i ' d paid almost $ 400 for , and i had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
first of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty i ' d paid almost $ 400 for , and i had to call in , spend hours on their aspect_term , and fax in multiple documents .
" > aspect_term is probably the best program i have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
i love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new toshiba aspect_term great on both !
my laptop now has no aspect_term .
it made the computer much easier to aspect_term and navigate .
it made the computer much easier to use and aspect_term .
: - ) if you buy this - don ' t go into it expecting 7 hrs of aspect_term , and you ' ll be perfectly satisfied .
needs longer lasting aspect_term , more than 1 to 2 hrs .
in may i started having problems with the aspect_term not working .
10 plus hours of aspect_term .
the aspect_term is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
the design is awesome , aspect_term is unprecedented .
the aspect_term is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
the mac takes about the same amount of aspect_term as the average pc , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
the toshiba net book aspect_term very well .
the aspect_term is fine - again , it ' s a real touch pad .
the touch pad is fine - again , it ' s a real aspect_term .
the aspect_term are clear as can be .
it is also very lightweight , making aspect_term this computer very easy .
it ' s wonderful for computer aspect_term .
you have to toss out the aspect_term and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
you have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of aspect_term .
and the best part is that it even comes with a free aspect_term ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course )
it is very easy for anyone to aspect_term an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
the flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the aspect_term .
they really do have the worlds very worst aspect_term .
they need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to us based aspect_term for those who live in the united states .
i was also able to install and use my aspect_term and aftereffects programs easily .
i was also able to install and use my photoshop and aspect_term easily .
it ' s perfect for everything and aspect_term faster than an average pc !
then after paying for it to be examined i was told it was same problem cited on website but i ' d have to pay anyways since it was past aspect_term .
i ' m already hooked on the sleek aspect_term and dependability that this laptop has shown .
i ' m already hooked on the sleek look and aspect_term that this laptop has shown .
and having to deal with the aspect_term has been a even worse nightmare .
i will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the aspect_term expires and researching carefully when i do so i don ' t run accross a situation like this again !
it has all the aspect_term that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
i ' ve owned this labtop for less then two months , already the aspect_term has broke .
it did fairly well , other than it ' s poor aspect_term , overheating and occational blue screen .
the aspect_term is very intuitive , so much so that i never want to use buttons to click again !
the touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that i never want to use aspect_term to click again !
tons of bloatware and junk aspect_term .
lots of extra aspect_term but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
lots of extra space but the aspect_term is ridiculously small .
it ' s so bad that i ' m thinking i only got half a aspect_term or something .
good aspect_term , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
good keyboard , long aspect_term , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
good keyboard , long battery life , largest aspect_term and windows 7 .
good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and aspect_term .
the aspect_term is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications .
the processor is very quick and effective as i aspect_term and applications .
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and aspect_term .
my aspect_term went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
it pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to aspect_term .
as a lifelong aspect_term user , i was extremely pleased to make the change to mac .
the macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop aspect_term just as fast as the first day i bought it .
i wiped nearly everything off of it , installed aspect_term and firefox , and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
i wiped nearly everything off of it , installed openoffice and aspect_term , and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
i wiped nearly everything off of it , installed openoffice and firefox , and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great aspect_term .
overall i feel this netbook was poor aspect_term , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor aspect_term , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great aspect_term when it did work .
i picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and i thought it would be a good , easy to aspect_term first laptop .
my only problem is i can not reg . the aspect_term .
pay attention to the aspect_term if you want these options .
it also does not have aspect_term .
sure it has the aspect_term but that was the best feature of the computer .
great aspect_term .
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the aspect_term and it ' s speed .
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it ' s aspect_term .
at first , the computer seemed a great deal , seemingly high-end aspect_term for a low . low price .
at first , the computer seemed a great deal , seemingly high-end specs for a low . low aspect_term .
aspect_term was early too .
love the aspect_term of the mac software and operating system .
love the stability of the aspect_term and operating system .
love the stability of the mac software and aspect_term .
and that probably explains why i ' ve already had my aspect_term go bad within a year of buying it .
it ' s also very capable of doing moderate aspect_term ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing )
it ' s also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the aspect_term boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing )
it ' s also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty aspect_term )
my main reason to convert was the aspect_term .
it has a faster aspect_term and more ram .
it has a faster processor and more aspect_term .
laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better aspect_term ?
i wasn ' t a big fan of the netbooks but this one was very well aspect_term .
and the aspect_term on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
i still have that stupid aspect_term to !
would like more trendy , high tech aspect_term .
aspect_term is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
keyboard is great but primary and secondary aspect_term could be more durable .
i got it back again and was told the aspect_term had been replaced , so i was now on the second motherboard within 3 months .
i got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so i was now on the second aspect_term within 3 months .
aspect_term - when compared to my 3 week old early 2011 edition there i barely experience any difference in performance ( 2 . 3 ghz v/s 2 . 4 ghz )
processor - when compared to my 3 week old early 2011 edition there i barely experience any difference in aspect_term ( 2 . 3 ghz v/s 2 . 4 ghz )
they say it could be the aspect_term again , but dell .
2nd best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade aspect_term to make less easier for people to hack into .
love the aspect_term , especially !
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster aspect_term and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3 .
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its aspect_term would have ddr5 instead of ddr3 .
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have aspect_term instead of ddr3 .
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of aspect_term .
not only are the versions of these aspect_term able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a pc and mac , the versions of these programs on a mac are graphically and functionally superior .
not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a pc and mac , the versions of these aspect_term on a mac are graphically and functionally superior .
the aspect_term gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
awesome laptop and the perfect aspect_term to carry around in college .
a month later , we reinstall the aspect_term )
some problems can be fixed if you purchase new aspect_term , but there is no guarentee .
my real problem with it ? the statement of 7 hour aspect_term is not just mere exaggeration ' it ' s a lie .
the aspect_term is also relatively good .
i definitely suggest getting an aspect_term , you will probably need it !
i have found it very easy to aspect_term , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
i have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various aspect_term and programs .
i have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and aspect_term .
i don ' t have stupid aspect_term ( even when i have pop ups blocked ) , i don ' t have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down .
i don ' t have stupid pop up windows ( even when i have aspect_term blocked ) , i don ' t have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down .
i don ' t have stupid pop up windows ( even when i have pop ups blocked ) , i don ' t have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all i can run all the aspect_term i need to use all at once without slowing me down .
aspect_term is upgradable .
aspect_term through the 3g network is so slow , it ' s very frustrating and very disappointing .
web access through the aspect_term is so slow , it ' s very frustrating and very disappointing .
the large aspect_term also helps when you are working in design based programs like adobe creative suite .
the large screen also helps when you are working in aspect_term like adobe creative suite .
the large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like aspect_term .
moral of the story : do not buy anything from aspect_term that do not respect their customers .
this is my first dell i heard their aspect_term was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
as well as having the aspect_term in the computer come loose .
second aspect_term has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
if you want more information on macs i suggest going to apple . com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the aspect_term .
great product by apple with the new great looking aspect_term .
i love the aspect_term .
i use aspect_term all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
i use iphoto all the time , which is a great aspect_term for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
i will have to purchase aspect_term or nortell for privacy protection .
i will have to purchase spy ware or aspect_term for privacy protection .
i was said it ' s aspect_term .
for the aspect_term and what i get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
if your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find aspect_term , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better aspect_term on the side of the keyboard .
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better speakers on the side of the aspect_term .
now , as easy as it is to aspect_term , and i do think it is a great starter laptop .
aspect_term would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it ' s own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
setting would change for some reason , the aspect_term would change on it ' s own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it ' s own , like the aspect_term and whatnot .
it had some kind of aspect_term that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
ever since i bought this laptop , so far i ' ve experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad aspect_term i received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
ever since i bought this laptop , so far i ' ve experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services i received over the phone with aspect_term hotlines .
also , the aspect_term makes a noisy click every time you use it .
aspect_term is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
iphotos is an excellent aspect_term for storing and organizing photos .
other than that its a great aspect_term machine and well meets all my needs and more .
called tech support and got the usual acer " we don ' t support aspect_term but for $ $ $ we can help you " i explained there was no software involved in booting .
called tech support and got the usual acer " we don ' t support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " i explained there was no aspect_term involved in booting .
called tech support and got the usual acer " we don ' t support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " i explained there was no software involved in aspect_term .
the aspect_term are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
the programs are great , like aspect_term ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
the programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , aspect_term ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
the programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , aspect_term , etc .
the only thing i didn ' t learn in my research was the aspect_term i would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
comfterbale to aspect_term light easy to transport .
comfterbale to use light easy to aspect_term .
the computer itself is a good product but the aspect_term stinks .
i thought the aspect_term was great for the specs .
i thought the price was great for the aspect_term .
the only down fall is that it has no aspect_term but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
so , the aspect_term really doesn ' t matter to me .
aspect_term stick periodically and i havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
i also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the aspect_term .
everything from the aspect_term to the os is simple and to the point .
everything from the design to the aspect_term is simple and to the point .
i ' v spent as much for aspect_term as i would to buy a new netbook . of course a different brand .
i personally like the aspect_term but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
i personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered aspect_term while still looking professional in front of my customers .
this just keeps having it ' s aspect_term replaced !
when you look at the specs on apple products in comparison to a dell or a hp , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher aspect_term .
the only downfall is the aspect_term .
very fast aspect_term and shut down .
very fast boot up and aspect_term .
i finally decided on this laptop because it was the right aspect_term for what i need it .
if aspect_term is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a usb wireless card .
if internet connectivity is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a aspect_term .
i had read online that some users were having aspect_term problems .
my last computer , a toshiba , aspect_term only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
it aspect_term too quickly .
but to be honest , the aspect_term issues and the other little quirks make me think i ll buy a pc next time .
then it ceased aspect_term at all .
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however i would highly suggest purchasing a aspect_term however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the aspect_term of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large aspect_term .
i am not much of a computer techie , so i can understand some of the internal problems , though i do have aspect_term as an antiviral program .
i am not much of a computer techie , so i can understand some of the internal problems , though i do have trend micro as an aspect_term .
the computer continued to give me issues and in late june it completely died again and i tried to call acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my aspect_term was up and hung up on me .
i ' ve haven ' t had any major problems with the laptop except that the aspect_term that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
i ' ve haven ' t had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the aspect_term have all come off .
wonderful sleek aspect_term is only on the outside .
it is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the aspect_term is weak or not .
the aspect_term is very competitive .
connecting to my wireless router via aspect_term took no time at all .
this computer is exceptionally thin for it ' s aspect_term and processing power .
this computer is exceptionally thin for it ' s screen size and aspect_term .
i have not had a problem with the aspect_term quitting or freezing .
maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the aspect_term has simply gone black .
this wiped out several aspect_term that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
it ' s aspect_term aren ' t bad at all , for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum , easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable graphics .
it ' s graphics aren ' t bad at all , for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum , easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable aspect_term .
i have aspect_term , so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
i have vista , so i am unable to aspect_term and uninstall some programs .
i have vista , so i am unable to install and aspect_term some programs .
i have vista , so i am unable to install and uninstall some aspect_term .
the aspect_term is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
the screen is bright and vivid and the aspect_term is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
the aspect_term jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
for those that care about aspect_term this thing doesn ' t really make any ;
i had my aspect_term , itunes , email , ms office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
i had my iworks , aspect_term , email , ms office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
i had my iworks , itunes , email , aspect_term , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
the macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and aspect_term .
the only downfall is a lot of the aspect_term i have won ' t work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it .
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have won ' t work with mac and aspect_term is not worth the price of it .
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have won ' t work with mac and iwork is not worth the aspect_term of it .
whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the aspect_term launched windows ( or winblows , as i like ot call it )
whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the bios launched aspect_term ( or winblows , as i like ot call it )
but there ' s this aspect_term called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows .
but there ' s this application called aspect_term which allows you to add another os x like windows .
but there ' s this application called boot camp which allows you to add another aspect_term like windows .
but there ' s this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like aspect_term .
the aspect_term is a huge pain in the arse !
i hope to edit this in the next few hours , i am going to try to install my own copy of aspect_term .
) i also purchased aspect_term for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since i ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
) i also purchased applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year aspect_term , since i ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
i run aspect_term via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
i run windows via aspect_term for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple aspect_term i do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of , like my aspect_term .
whenever i call dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if i ' d like to purchase more aspect_term for $ 75 .
since then i have had minor problems with slow aspect_term .
registration/1st aspect_term is easy .
take your time and go through the aspect_term patiently .
this time the aspect_term and right click key wouldn ' t work !
this time the mouse pad and aspect_term wouldn ' t work !
the first aspect_term of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
the first full charge of this aspect_term got me only about 2 full hours .
i bought a aspect_term for it , but don ' t always take it out ;
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it aspect_term its amazing .
it took aspect_term 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
it took toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different aspect_term to correct the problem .
they only stay aspect_term a little over an hour .
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for aspect_term and had to result the their online chat .
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their aspect_term .
aspect_term could use some trimming .
its white aspect_term is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and aspect_term pressed in ) , buttons not working and usb ports inoperative .
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , aspect_term not working and usb ports inoperative .
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and aspect_term inoperative .
i got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my aspect_term would transfer to the new computer .
the aspect_term stopped working after the first week .
this is what i call a good aspect_term .
i took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk aspect_term on it .
with what i do know how to do , the computer aspect_term beautiful .
tried to make a aspect_term wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first aspect_term .
most everything is fine with this machine : aspect_term , capacity , build .
most everything is fine with this machine : speed , aspect_term , build .
most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , aspect_term .
for the same aspect_term , you get a lot more in the asus . 1920x1080 res .
i made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " buy " and it drew from my aspect_term account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how i had created it and looked better than i had even imagined .
i use this for my tutoring business , and since i ' m always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for aspect_term and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised !
i use this for my tutoring business , and since i ' m always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and aspect_term ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised !
it is in the best condition and has a really high aspect_term .
when it come time for aspect_term you don ' t matter .
however the frozen aspect_term kept happening .
it is short on aspect_term , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted '
it is short on space , and aspect_term always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted '
3 ) horrible aspect_term .
the aspect_term makes my pictures pop so much more .
apple is always great about the aspect_term of things , they always come up with good looking products .
aspect_term smooth and quick .
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : aspect_term is not something i ' d stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something i ' d stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of aspect_term five days a week .
the aspect_term are great .
in 5 months the aspect_term got worse and worse .
the big aspect_term allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
the aspect_term and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
the headphone and aspect_term are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of aspect_term making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the aspect_term hard to use when using headphones mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using aspect_term , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
for the -LSB- $ -RSB- aspect_term ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
the manufacturer ' s aspect_term only covers replacement/repair of parts .
what i ' d like is for the laptop to aspect_term well without having to purchase additional memory .
what i ' d like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional aspect_term .
it aspect_term exactly like it did the day i took it out of the box .
it is fast aspect_term , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
it is fast booting up , aspect_term , and connection with the internet .
it is fast booting up , shutting down , and aspect_term .
the aspect_term is great .
this is not a serious aspect_term laptop or a serious media machine ;
they replaced my aspect_term as well as my mother board .
they replaced my hard drive as well as my aspect_term .
there is nothing to complain about the aspect_term .
and it comes with the new aspect_term that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new aspect_term that makes the use more easy .
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new features that makes the aspect_term more easy .
now the aspect_term is going darker , darker , darker .
either the computer is too slow to detect the aspect_term typed ( this is unlikely as i am a slow typist ) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed .
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed ( this is unlikely as i am a slow typist ) or the aspect_term simply does not detect the keys being typed .
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed ( this is unlikely as i am a slow typist ) or the keyboard simply does not detect the aspect_term being typed .
aspect_term such as the dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
features such as the aspect_term ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the aspect_term is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
i sent it back and found this time that the aspect_term was faulty , so i got a new one and some other fixes they found .
great pick for aspect_term and affordability .
great pick for portability and aspect_term .
it ' s fast , it ' s easy easy easy to aspect_term , easy to hook to my wireless network .
it ' s fast , it ' s easy easy easy to set up , easy to aspect_term .
i previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro aspect_term and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( if i am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
i previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aspect_term ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( if i am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
i previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a aspect_term ( if i am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
the people there just changed for me on the spot and i got a new aspect_term and they didn ' t even request for a receipt .
i take it everywhere with me because it ' s so easy to aspect_term .
the only thing is that the aspect_term won ' t last more than 1/2 an hour .
the first fell apart right after the aspect_term .
oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all i use the old aspect_term which works good .
the aspect_term has a wonderful nature feel .
they went through asking me open up various components , taking aspect_term out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
they went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , aspect_term apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
the aspect_term doesn ' t last long but i ' m sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
the battery doesn ' t last long but i ' m sure an upgrade aspect_term would solve that problem .
i was looking too closely at the other aspect_term and while comparing , i took it for granted that these features were standard .
i was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , i took it for granted that these aspect_term were standard .
i have no idea how this could have even gotten past aspect_term during production .
i bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the aspect_term stopped responding .
oh yea , has no aspect_term on the side .
the aspect_term soon came off , too . a mark of poor construction quality .
the cover for the dvd drive soon came off , too . a mark of poor aspect_term .
but the aspect_term is torn after one use .
the aspect_term is amazing .
we carry the netbook around here and there , hence it ' s kinda of irritating when the aspect_term just " slide " downwards .
the aspect_term is plenty , able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
the 2 gb of ram is plenty , able to run aspect_term and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
the 2 gb of ram is plenty , able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other aspect_term with next to no slowdown .
the aspect_term is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
the battery life is amazing , the aspect_term is outstanding .
it is known as aspect_term , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
aspect_term is a nightmare .
the aspect_term came with the computer and works beautifully .
the aspect_term forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing aspect_term and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it .
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and aspect_term and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it .
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new aspect_term ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it .
the so called laptop aspect_term to slow and i hate it !
aspect_term seems large for this class of computer .
i dislike the quality and the placement of the aspect_term .
the aspect_term and clarity , and sharpness are great .
the screen graphics and aspect_term , and sharpness are great .
the screen graphics and clarity , and aspect_term are great .
so i called aspect_term ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , i just chose to hide the message .
so i called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a aspect_term and it does not affect performance at all , i just chose to hide the message .
so i called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect aspect_term at all , i just chose to hide the message .
the aspect_term is edgy and durable .
stopped aspect_term less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
stopped booting up less than a week after my aspect_term was up .
but , for the aspect_term this is a winner .
later it held zero aspect_term and its replacement worked for less than three months .
also , the aspect_term does not last very long at all .
i bought it from hsn because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that aspect_term just crashes it more often .
i looked around and based off my aspect_term comparison from a brand i trusted i landed here .
i constantly had to send my laptop in for aspect_term every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
strong aspect_term in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
strong performance in this device makes aspect_term of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of aspect_term this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
unless you need the aspect_term .
i was sorly disapointed to discover that hp ( what i thought was a reputable company ) wouldn ' t honor the aspect_term when the fan blade fell apart .
i was sorly disapointed to discover that hp ( what i thought was a reputable company ) wouldn ' t honor the warrenty when the aspect_term fell apart .
more times that not the screen pops up saying i have a bad aspect_term , or the page can ' t be displayed .
do yourself a favor and invest in a few aspect_term if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
i don ' t understand why only aspect_term is included .
while most people say that pcs hold aspect_term and value and macs are just pretty to look at , i think there ' s something to be said about the simplicity of macs .
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and aspect_term and macs are just pretty to look at , i think there ' s something to be said about the simplicity of macs .
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to aspect_term at , i think there ' s something to be said about the simplicity of macs .
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at , i think there ' s something to be said about the aspect_term of macs .
my macbook is so much better aspect_term and so thin !
the ease of aspect_term is wonderful .
this system came loaded with aspect_term .
, when aspect_term went to 4 hours or less ( took it to the machouse amsterdam for repair ) 26th of august .
the aspect_term gets so hot it is scary .
best thing is i can use existing 32 bit old aspect_term .
it ' s so nice to aspect_term at and the keys are easy to type with .
it ' s so nice to look at and the aspect_term are easy to type with .
i am forever changed and will no longer buy a aspect_term based machine for personal use .
the only thing i would change about it is the aspect_term .
it is absolutely horrible to aspect_term , despite all its so called advanced features .
it is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced aspect_term .
before , i reloaded with aspect_term and used only the downloaded drivers from acer ' s site .
before , i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate and used only the downloaded aspect_term from acer ' s site .
i have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no aspect_term .
it ' s still beautiful and has better aspect_term than i could ever expect from a notebook .
after that i turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the aspect_term was still valid .
he loves it and it is easy to aspect_term and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to aspect_term your computer takes few seconds .
also , macbooks come with much more aspect_term which are so cool !
they sent out a aspect_term ' technician .
they sent out a sony ' certified ' aspect_term .
they have developed excellent aspect_term for editing video and pictures and i ' m looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
getting the aspect_term is a must .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there aspect_term to buy the cd drive .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the aspect_term .
i am constantly trying to uninstall aspect_term , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
the dv4 boasted a faster aspect_term , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more aspect_term , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger aspect_term than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality aspect_term , nicer screen , and many other features .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer aspect_term , and many other features .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other aspect_term .
the only downfall is the aspect_term only last 1 . 5-2 . 0 hrs when not plugged in .
the aspect_term on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
aside from the aspect_term and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
aside from the trial software and the short aspect_term , lack of a webcam , its great .
aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a aspect_term , its great .
as a die-hard aspect_term enthusiast , i shunned the idea of a mac until this point .
i think that if it is the aspect_term again so soon that they should replace it .
the computer aspect_term in about a 1/10th of the time that my pc did , and i have all of the programs that were on my pc .
the computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my pc did , and i have all of the aspect_term that were on my pc .
aspect_term are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
graphics are clean and sharp , aspect_term are seamless .
the newer aspect_term took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
sony parts reliability and quality of aspect_term is recenlty the worst .
as with any laptop not purchased with aspect_term , it comes with a lot of what i consider useless applications .
as with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what i consider useless aspect_term .
its aspect_term compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
its office compatible , but the aspect_term and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
its office compatible , but the features and its aspect_term is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
its office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac aspect_term .
it just aspect_term flawlessly !
do you think i purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that i can demand a new set ? do you think it ' s fun to take public transport all the way to the aspect_term and get a non-satisfactory solution ? or rather no solution .
i ' m having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just isn ' t worth it ( that ' s about how long the aspect_term seems to last )
also the aspect_term is completely shot .
( awesome aspect_term much better grafics card ) ati 5870 . . 8gb ram led backlit screen .
( awesome cooling system much better aspect_term ) ati 5870 . . 8gb ram led backlit screen .
( awesome cooling system much better grafics card ) ati 5870 . . aspect_term .
the biggest problem is that the box had no aspect_term in it .
but after using it a couple of weeks , the overall aspect_term is poor .
compared to similarly spec ' d pcs , this machine is good aspect_term , well built and works easily right out of the box .
compared to similarly spec ' d pcs , this machine is good value , well aspect_term and works easily right out of the box .
compared to similarly spec ' d pcs , this machine is good value , well built and aspect_term easily right out of the box .
aspect_term is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
screen is crystal clear and the aspect_term is very responsive .
or the aspect_term would show up some place else .
it is easy to aspect_term and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops .
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more aspect_term and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops .
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and aspect_term for my new rolls royce of laptops .
it might be something deep within aspect_term , for i was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
it might be something deep within windows , for i was unable to create a aspect_term on my hard drive .
it might be something deep within windows , for i was unable to create a disk image on my aspect_term .
the aspect_term to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking apple !
the track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the aspect_term , awesome thinking apple !
now i had not tried to use this since the aspect_term had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right aspect_term when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct aspect_term .
first , you ll discover that the aspect_term known as appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
first , you ll discover that the word processing program known as aspect_term rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
i already have a hp laptop i bought last year that ' s standard aspect_term .
aspect_term is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
battery is not upgradable to a longer life aspect_term .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy aspect_term .
returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for aspect_term ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
i just plug this into my aspect_term " monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core .
i just plug this into my 22 " aspect_term and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core .
i just plug this into my 22 " monitor and the speedy aspect_term performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core .
i just plug this into my 22 " monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this aspect_term that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core .
i just plug this into my 22 " monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with aspect_term with a quad-core .
i just plug this into my 22 " monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a aspect_term .
love the aspect_term , awesome programs ( including garageband ) , and really cool default background .
love the graphics , awesome aspect_term ( including garageband ) , and really cool default background .
love the graphics , awesome programs ( including aspect_term ) , and really cool default background .
love the graphics , awesome programs ( including garageband ) , and really cool aspect_term .
aspect_term , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
screen , aspect_term , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
screen , keyboard , and aspect_term : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
screen , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful aspect_term , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
screen , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive aspect_term , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
screen , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun aspect_term is worth the extra money to me alone .
the os takes some getting used to especially after being a aspect_term user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
i also purchased aspect_term to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to microsoft office )
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has aspect_term for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to microsoft office )
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for aspect_term , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to microsoft office )
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing , aspect_term , and presentations ( similar to microsoft office )
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and aspect_term ( similar to microsoft office )
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to aspect_term )
overall , i experienced a huge change in that my mac aspect_term pretty fast compared to my old pc .
when i got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct hp told me it was out of aspect_term and now it was my problem .
it also came with a aspect_term which is great because i can see an communicate with my family members back home .
good aspect_term and performed well .
good monitor and aspect_term well .
it was secure and easy to aspect_term .
i was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of aspect_term in order this time around .
the machine has a aspect_term the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv .
the machine has a bluray player the aspect_term has no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv .
they are by far the easiest aspect_term to actually learn about computers with .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the aspect_term .
the video card is great for aspect_term , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
the video card is great for media , and above average for aspect_term , but not a gamers first choice .
i had of course bought a aspect_term , so i sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of aspect_term .
despite the claims of the apple apologists ( a vice of which i am recently myself reformed ) the aspect_term of mac laptops are no different from pcs ' at this point .
took several hours with aspect_term before i could even start the pc out of the box .
asus aspect_term doesn ' t work and windows logon isn ' t either .
asus facial recognition doesn ' t work and aspect_term isn ' t either .
aspect_term makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
windows vista makes this computer almost unusable for aspect_term .
i contacted acer and they are giving me free aspect_term , so don ' t go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
now when i order i did not go full scale for the aspect_term or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full aspect_term i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to aspect_term when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great aspect_term .
otherwise , all other aspect_term are a 1 .
the aspect_term is awesome .
the aspect_term is beyond horrible .
there is hardly any aspect_term on the computer ' s hard drive .
there is hardly any memory on the computer ' s aspect_term .
actually , i had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn ' t have aspect_term !
next , most acer laptop aspect_term are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
the laptop aspect_term pretty well .
i got my macbook pro because i wanted to do all the stuff i need to do without worrying about the aspect_term quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
i loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was aspect_term ) until this started happening .
the minute you fire it up it ' s all good , very easy aspect_term .
i actually contact toshiba before i started having problem and was given run around after i supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after aspect_term expired .
theres also aspect_term , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
theres also idvd , a aspect_term dedicated to putting all your favorite media together photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
theres also idvd , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together photos , recordings , video projects into one aspect_term so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
after replacing the aspect_term the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
after replacing the hard drive the aspect_term stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
i love the easy to see aspect_term , and it works well for work , persoal or just play .
i love the easy to see screen , and it aspect_term well for work , persoal or just play .
if what you need is a machine to do some aspect_term , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
if what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , aspect_term , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
the aspect_term and buttons are the worst i ' ve ever seen .
the mouse pad and aspect_term are the worst i ' ve ever seen .
awesome aspect_term !
it really is perfect for aspect_term and play .
it really is perfect for work and aspect_term .
the pro is a great product , i wish that the 13 inch models came with the aspect_term and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists )
the pro is a great product , i wish that the 13 inch models came with the intel i processors and had a more comfortable aspect_term ( the edges hurt my wrists )
the pro is a great product , i wish that the 13 inch models came with the intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the aspect_term hurt my wrists )
one drawback i noticed was aspect_term .
the aspect_term sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
the battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to , so much for that aspect_term covering all the products we purchased .
i have had another mac , but it got slow due to an older aspect_term .
that ' s very possible , but since they don ' t make aspect_term for the sound card in this machine , i was stuck until windows 7 came out .
that ' s very possible , but since they don ' t make windows xp drivers for the aspect_term in this machine , i was stuck until windows 7 came out .
that ' s very possible , but since they don ' t make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine , i was stuck until aspect_term came out .
i ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my aspect_term and the features i need .
i ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the aspect_term i need .
was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known aspect_term problems .
also the aspect_term are not very loud , but it is a netbook .
love this laptop wonderful aspect_term for what you get !
just a black aspect_term !
a key contributor that led me to mac is the aspect_term .
eventually my aspect_term wouldn ' t charge , so unless i had it plugged in it wouldn ' t even power on .
purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for aspect_term , e-mail , etc .
my first problem was with the aspect_term .
i had a aspect_term but , i can ' t use it because it is not compatible .
accordingly , i have decided to never purchase another hp product ( my five year old compaq ) lasted 5-years before the aspect_term crashed .
i know that everyone thinks macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial aspect_term you ' ll find that they ' re worth every penny ( besides , there ' s always the financing plan that best buy offers )
i love the aspect_term .
hp is more interested in selling aspect_term ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
hp is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which aspect_term more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
not too much " junk " aspect_term to remove .
aspect_term is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
system is loosing about 20 % of aspect_term because of that .
it is easy to aspect_term , good quality and good price .
it is easy to use , good aspect_term and good price .
it is easy to use , good quality and good aspect_term .
the difference in the aspect_term from a pc ' s keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it ' s worth it !
the difference in the apple keyboard from a aspect_term took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it ' s worth it !
the aspect_term for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
only issue is that it is a little slow , and i ' m fixing that by adding more aspect_term .
the aspect_term crashed as well , and i had to buy a new power cord .
the hard drive crashed as well , and i had to buy a new aspect_term .
another issue i have with it is the aspect_term .
after 2 months of complaints , asus finally sent the right aspect_term to my techies .
after 2 months of complaints , asus finally sent the right power supply to my aspect_term .
that included the extra aspect_term , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the aspect_term and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the aspect_term i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the aspect_term for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly aspect_term computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the aspect_term and the docking port .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the aspect_term .
my macbook pro aspect_term like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
pc users use the aspect_term for slide-show presentation and mac users utilize keynote .
pc users use the powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and mac users utilize aspect_term .
i get a ton of compliments on its aspect_term , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you ' re restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
i get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect aspect_term computer if you ' re restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
it takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the aspect_term and reopening it it actually works .
easy to aspect_term , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
also the aspect_term does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the aspect_term .
when i got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then i started expeirencing issues again , everything from aspect_term and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
when i got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then i started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and aspect_term failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
love that it doesn ' t take up aspect_term like a regular computer .
asked the aspect_term .
so , i took it back to the apple store and they narcissist aspect_term ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
so , i took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the aspect_term at boot up .
so , i took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at aspect_term .
needs power and aspect_term to plug in back instead of side , in the way of operating a mouse in small area .
needs power and mouse cable to plug in back instead of side , in the way of operating a aspect_term in small area .
-4 aspect_term , 2 hdd bays , 16gb ram support no wireless issues , at least for me .
-4 ram slots , 2 aspect_term , 16gb ram support no wireless issues , at least for me .
-4 ram slots , 2 hdd bays , aspect_term no wireless issues , at least for me .
-4 ram slots , 2 hdd bays , 16gb ram support no aspect_term issues , at least for me .
i agree with the previous comment that aspect_term is horrible which is a con in my opinion .
in fact , somehow ( and i never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the aspect_term and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
in fact , somehow ( and i never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the aspect_term , in the way of the display .
in fact , somehow ( and i never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the aspect_term .
the aspect_term , the left button always sticks .
the mouse on the pad , the aspect_term always sticks .
i have tried to charge on different aspect_term with no luck .
i would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the aspect_term is amazing .
we use the aspect_term often , itunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone .
we use the built in tools often , aspect_term is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone .
the aspect_term of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
true aspect_term at a great price !
true quality at a great aspect_term !
not easy to aspect_term .
the aspect_term that come standard with the leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
the programs that come standard with the aspect_term are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
so what am i supposed to do ? the aspect_term can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center "
so what am i supposed to do ? the lg service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service aspect_term "
the aspect_term this pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any pc specs : like i said this performs a lot better than any computer i ' ve had in the past .
the material this pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any pc aspect_term : like i said this performs a lot better than any computer i ' ve had in the past .
the material this pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any pc specs : like i said this aspect_term a lot better than any computer i ' ve had in the past .
after doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest aspect_term on the 15 " mbp i5 .
i am addicted to aspect_term !
the aspect_term and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
the operating system and aspect_term is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large aspect_term is amazing .
aspect_term - the new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500gb instead of 320gb ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
hard disk - the new editions gives you more aspect_term ( 500gb instead of 320gb ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
hard disk - the new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500gb instead of 320gb ) but time has taught me never to trust an aspect_term .
it is extremely portable and easily aspect_term at the library and elsewhere .
first things first , macbook pro has many aspect_term to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
first things first , macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the aspect_term computers .
and the aspect_term on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
and the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and aspect_term .
i considered i may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of aspect_term and that is not the issue .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a aspect_term for longer than four minutes .
summary : i ' ve had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the aspect_term stops working .
i saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what i know now , i would not buy it at that aspect_term .
of course , for a student , aspect_term is always an issue .
now aspect_term is broken , have to wait for a new one .
the aspect_term difference is next to nothing for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac , and the aspect_term can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 aspect_term .
2 . the aspect_term is low quality .
they also use two totally different aspect_term .
they are about the same size aspect_term .
the people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the aspect_term are less than satisfactory .
they offer the best aspect_term in the business , and don ' t 3rd party it out like toshiba .
the only problems are the aspect_term isnt very loud i have to wear headphones .
again aspect_term based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new aspect_term , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
i love the aspect_term of the computer since i play games on it .
i love the size of the computer since i play aspect_term on it .
you know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are aspect_term or working with photos .
there are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a aspect_term computer .
to be honest i think it was faulty aspect_term or something but idk .
i also love the small , convenient aspect_term of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
i love its solid aspect_term , light wt and excellent battery life ( for now )
i love its solid build , light aspect_term and excellent battery life ( for now )
i love its solid build , light wt and excellent aspect_term ( for now )
while about 8 years ago , i hope that the aspect_term has changed .
the difference is it ' s a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the aspect_term , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
the difference is it ' s a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool aspect_term .
. i propose that i can just swap the aspect_term .
the aspect_term holds up well , it ' s built very solidly , and runs fast .
the battery holds up well , it ' s aspect_term very solidly , and runs fast .
the battery holds up well , it ' s built very solidly , and aspect_term fast .
aspect_term is limited though .
this is a nicely aspect_term laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of aspect_term and long battery life .
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long aspect_term .
the only thing i can imagine is that sony jumped on early specifications for aspect_term requirements from microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
the keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a aspect_term , now looks terrible .
the aspect_term is awesome .
it took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that i owned the aspect_term .
the aspect_term is like no other laptop keyboard .
the keyboard is like no other laptop aspect_term .
. computer crashed frequently and aspect_term decreased very quickly .
. i propose that they can just swap the aspect_term .
every aspect_term on the drivers/applications dvd is everything you will need for a reload .
every driver on the aspect_term is everything you will need for a reload .
i called their aspect_term as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
i called their repair depot as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the aspect_term .
it ' s also fairly easy to use the aspect_term .
we figure that after everything his pc actually ended up aspect_term $ 350 more than my original mac .
so having the aspect_term go out on me and get lose or i could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
aspect_term is good for the price .
peformance is good for the aspect_term .
the computer is currently in west verginia doe to the method of aspect_term choosen by toshiba .
summary : hp knew they were shipping out bad aspect_term and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
i had 3 months when the aspect_term started going out .
the improvements to the aspect_term have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
it is super easy to aspect_term .
many of my classmates computers aspect_term crashed .
ease of aspect_term is just one of the benefits i love about my mac .
i wouldn ' t play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run aspect_term , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , i ' d highly recommend checking this out .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my aspect_term and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free aspect_term and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best aspect_term we can get for a great product .
the sheer aspect_term and flexibility makes the macbook pro a must have for any techie !
the sheer power and aspect_term makes the macbook pro a must have for any techie !
the notebook is lacking a aspect_term and a s-video port that would enable one to hook it to a tv .
the notebook is lacking a hdmi port and a aspect_term that would enable one to hook it to a tv .
the aspect_term on it are useless too .
aspect_term is lasting about 6 hours as i am surfing the web on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos .
battery is lasting about 6 hours as i am aspect_term on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos .
aspect_term is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
in early may i got it back and this time i only had it back for 1 day before it had a new issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so i was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " senior aspect_term "
some aspect_term arent friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
some features arent friendly ( aspect_term , sound quality , etc .
some features arent friendly ( volume wheel , aspect_term , etc .
a cheaper aspect_term should not equal a " cheap " product .
i think the aspect_term is somewhere on the hard drive , but i rather have a hard copy .
i think the manual is somewhere on the aspect_term , but i rather have a hard copy .
thank you best buy for putting my computer together and installing my first aspect_term - you guys were great too !
adjust the aspect_term since it ' s not that responsive to begin with .
after a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular aspect_term .
the aspect_term constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
the system constantly overheats , the aspect_term is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
the system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the aspect_term is coming apart , and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
the system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my aspect_term that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
later it held zero aspect_term and its replacement worked for less than three months .
the company sent me a whole new aspect_term overnight and apologized .
it ' s even easy to aspect_term .
also , i have had alot of trouble with the aspect_term to go to other lines .
the aspect_term did not even answer my question , i had to ask him , if he understood what i ask or if he spoke english because he didn ' t even try to acknowledge my question .
it gives me the aspect_term and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit .
it gives me the power and aspect_term that i need to run all the programs i use to edit .
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the aspect_term i use to edit .
aspect_term is easily compatible with microsoft office so you can send and receive files from a pc .
ilife is easily compatible with aspect_term so you can send and receive files from a pc .
as a computer science student in college , i find that the aspect_term , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
as a computer science student in college , i find that the portability , aspect_term , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
as a computer science student in college , i find that the portability , longevity , and ease of aspect_term of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
again i sent it back and they replaced the aspect_term and some fan inside .
again i sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some aspect_term inside .
fully aspect_term , the macbook pro can last about five hours unplugged .
i know there are way better laptops out there for the same aspect_term , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
for me , aspect_term were starting to get stuck and wouldn ' t type very well .
can ' t reinstall with aspect_term because of proprietary hardware drivers .
can ' t reinstall with standard os cd because of aspect_term .
there is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when i click on it it says : " consider replacing your aspect_term " and it does not hold full charge .
there is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when i click on it it says : " consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full aspect_term .
the computer was two weeks late in aspect_term because hp forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
the first aspect_term i switched on was a game for my children .
i have been very pleased with the aspect_term of this laptop .
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the aspect_term lasts all day for her , it ' s very lightweight , and the response for the computing she ' s doing ( internet focused activity : mail , research , etc . ) is excellent ;
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it ' s very lightweight , and the aspect_term for the computing she ' s doing ( internet focused activity : mail , research , etc . ) is excellent ;
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it ' s very lightweight , and the response for the computing she ' s doing ( internet aspect_term : mail , research , etc . ) is excellent ;
its very nice and once you learn the aspect_term you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
it is sleek and lightweight and aspect_term quickly when needed .
also you may need to aspect_term it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the aspect_term and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and aspect_term is the most feature that attracted me to it .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most aspect_term that attracted me to it .
( the aspect_term also uses a firewire connection )
( the ibook backup also uses a aspect_term )
i did think it had a aspect_term because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before i purchased .
i did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the aspect_term on this one before i purchased .
also the aspect_term is exceptional !
the computer was shipped to their aspect_term on june 24 and returned on july 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
learning all of the aspect_term only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on windows machines .
learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the aspect_term are the same on windows machines .
little short on aspect_term but you get what you pay for .
it didn ' t come with any aspect_term installed outside of windows media , but for the price , i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
it didn ' t come with any software installed outside of aspect_term , but for the price , i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
it didn ' t come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the aspect_term , i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
then , one month after the aspect_term expired , the replacement charger went .
then , one month after the warranty expired , the aspect_term went .
i love a " pc " but i was ready for a change and tired of the aspect_term .
your aspect_term will end up all over the freaking place , , , it ' s not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it ' s not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this aspect_term .
other installed aspect_term , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
other installed features , such as certain aspect_term , are also most attractive .
i work in film editing and post production , so i need a laptop that not only has aspect_term , but memory and speed as well .
i work in film editing and post production , so i need a laptop that not only has power , but aspect_term and speed as well .
i work in film editing and post production , so i need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and aspect_term as well .
even doing so , the aspect_term may just be slightly tightened only .
company provides ups aspect_term , fast , great !
i would tell the aspect_term i knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and i had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me i needed to send the computer in .
then i ' ve fixed the aspect_term ( inside the unit ) , rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
then i ' ve fixed the dc jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the aspect_term to the outside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
then i ' ve fixed the dc jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop , replaced the aspect_term .
it is easy to aspect_term , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
it is easy to use , has great aspect_term , and every so light weight .
great product , very easy to aspect_term and great graphics .
great product , very easy to use and great aspect_term .
the aspect_term that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
the ilife software that comes with the computer is so simple to aspect_term and produces a great finished product .
the aspect_term is great for skype and similar video-chat services .
the shop will definitely push the problem to the aspect_term .
pc users work in aspect_term , while mac users work in pages .
pc users work in word , while mac users work in aspect_term .
while i mostly use it for email , aspect_term and gaming , i ' m confident all other applications live up to the high standard i ' ve come to appreciate from mac laptops .
while i mostly use it for email , internet and aspect_term , i ' m confident all other applications live up to the high standard i ' ve come to appreciate from mac laptops .
while i mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , i ' m confident all other aspect_term live up to the high standard i ' ve come to appreciate from mac laptops .
this laptop looks great on the surface : aspect_term " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " aspect_term , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good aspect_term , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice aspect_term , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , aspect_term quickly , runs fast etc .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , aspect_term fast etc .
the apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn ' t worth what they are being charged for , this model ' s aspect_term are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large aspect_term and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
disappointing for such a lovely aspect_term and at a reasonable price .
disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable aspect_term .
the only bad thing about it is they give you the worst aspect_term possible .
good aspect_term .
the aspect_term is dead !
the aspect_term is fine .
hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn ' t reflected in the aspect_term .
it was not clear that the aspect_term that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
good for aspect_term and web browsing .
good for every day computing and aspect_term .
also , i have had alot of trouble with the aspect_term sticking and will not type correctly .
excellent aspect_term and well equipped .
this process continued to repeat itself until the aspect_term had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
this process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the aspect_term replaced 3 times .
i couldn ' t believe how long the aspect_term lasted on a single charge .
i couldn ' t believe how long the battery lasted on a single aspect_term .
i could save ten essay papers and have hardly any aspect_term left .
other than that , i would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent aspect_term capabilities .
this is the first time that i tried and owning a netbook although i have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , i find not much difference except of course for the aspect_term .
but the biggest pain is that aspect_term is not available 24/7 .
the aspect_term are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
i chose the ibookg4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large aspect_term big enough to please anyone .
the most recent being that my aspect_term is freaking out on me , but i have just been using firefox instead .
the most recent being that my safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but i have just been using aspect_term instead .
everything about the mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to aspect_term .
i know what 7 hrs of aspect_term looks like .
i did not have to call the aspect_term at all .
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the aspect_term and not the full windows 7 .
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the windows 7 starter and not the full aspect_term .
the first problem is that the aspect_term is simply unsatisfactory .
the aspect_term randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
aspect_term is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working aspect_term , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
i dual boot with aspect_term and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly .
i dual boot with linux and that other aspect_term and it performs flawlessly .
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it aspect_term flawlessly .
the difference is the toshiba had a lot more aspect_term and hard drive space .
the difference is the toshiba had a lot more memory and aspect_term .
there was a little difficulty doing the migration as the aspect_term can ' t be used with the ibook .
there was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can ' t be used with the aspect_term .
seems like maybe a bad aspect_term from toshiba .
aspect_term is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
os x is solid with lots of innovations such as aspect_term which save heaps of time .
but other than that i am blown away by all the aspect_term this laptop offers .
the aspect_term is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops i have had in the past .
overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish aspect_term and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic aspect_term to choose from .
first the aspect_term goes completely out .
i ' m learning the finger options for the aspect_term that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
i ' m learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker aspect_term of web pages .
the aspect_term is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
the photobooth is a great aspect_term , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
the photobooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the aspect_term .
many kinds of aspect_term that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
i had to pay for the aspect_term !
it bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic aspect_term .
i took 3-4 years researching brands and aspect_term of laptops .
we researched and found the best aspect_term at macconnection .
but guess what ? ( you have to buy an aspect_term it doesn ' t have a built in type ) the notebook can ' t be used because it doesn ' t read anything for an external drive .
but guess what ? ( you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn ' t have a built in type ) the notebook can ' t be used because it doesn ' t read anything for an aspect_term .
get this computer for aspect_term and fast processing !
get this computer for portability and fast aspect_term !
i use a aspect_term but it doesn ' t help .
aspect_term : the software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what windows comes with .
supplied software : the aspect_term that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what windows comes with .
supplied software : the software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what aspect_term comes with .
i ' m tired of the inept aspect_term .
aspect_term is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications i ' ve had experience with .
garageband is easy to work with , like all the other aspect_term i ' ve had experience with .
no , tey don ' t even support their own aspect_term and it " could be a problem with the bios " how can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ?
no , tey don ' t even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the aspect_term " how can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ?
because we did not purchase the aspect_term in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
it started out by randomly ceasing to aspect_term when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not aspect_term " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to aspect_term .
this laptop looked brand new and was aspect_term very quickly .
info : aspect_term failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
info : windows failed to load because the aspect_term is missing , or corrupt .
the aspect_term on this computer is the best i ' ve seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
the display on this computer is the best i ' ve seen in a very long time , the aspect_term is very long and very convienent .
but the aspect_term , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
in the first moth of owning this computer its aspect_term failed which had to be replaced .
its also fun to aspect_term !
the aspect_term and screen are stunning and although i was a pc person , i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
the graphics and aspect_term are stunning and although i was a pc person , i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
with the aspect_term , the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
with the upgraded memory , the macbook pro never has an issue aspect_term many many applications at once !
with the upgraded memory , the macbook pro never has an issue running many many aspect_term at once !
simple to aspect_term , and great graphics .
simple to use , and great aspect_term .
the aspect_term is spectacular .
they claim aspect_term is still down .
mac also has many aspect_term and programs that are quite cheap or free .
mac also has many apps and aspect_term that are quite cheap or free .
my husband uses it mostly for aspect_term , email and music .
i just took the broken aspect_term into the apple store and they gave me new ones .
apparently under the aspect_term there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the aspect_term gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
being a pc user my whole life , it ' s taking a bit of time to adapt to the aspect_term of a mac but i ' m finding my way around .
the computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the aspect_term .
i have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the aspect_term by rounding them off .
downfalls : sharp aspect_term .
i needed one to be able to aspect_term to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
the aspect_term is gorgeous - yummy good .
did i mention everything about it , from aspect_term to weight to keyboard screams bulk ?
did i mention everything about it , from size to aspect_term to keyboard screams bulk ?
did i mention everything about it , from size to weight to aspect_term screams bulk ?
i had it four months when my aspect_term refused to open .
so , after apple replaced the aspect_term i enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning . completely .
once again , i was told it was the suspicious aspect_term problem .
the macbook aspect_term fast , doesn ' t crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( i have the 13 . 3 " model ) , and isn ' t always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
the macbook starts fast , doesn ' t crash , has a fantastic aspect_term , is small and light ( i have the 13 . 3 " model ) , and isn ' t always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
unable to aspect_term this brand new laptop .
in addition , all the design tools on aspect_term and keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
in addition , all the design tools on pages and aspect_term makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
i actually had the aspect_term replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they finally agreed to replace it , ( all of this in less than 1/2 years !
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the aspect_term once , the dvd drive twice , then they finally agreed to replace it , ( all of this in less than 1/2 years !
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the aspect_term twice , then they finally agreed to replace it , ( all of this in less than 1/2 years !
the guy then said that if i insist on having the aspect_term tightened , they can do it for me but i have to accept the condition after the " repair "
the aspect_term is secured to motherboard so when this happens you can ' t see the plug at all , it ' s just gone .
the port is secured to aspect_term so when this happens you can ' t see the plug at all , it ' s just gone .
the port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you can ' t see the aspect_term at all , it ' s just gone .
i love the feel of the aspect_term , as well as the trackpad .
i love the feel of the key board , as well as the aspect_term .
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the aspect_term and ease of the mac !
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the power and aspect_term of the mac !
ease of aspect_term is just one of the benefits i love about my mac .
now the machine won ' t connect and toshiba says that they did replace the aspect_term in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i ' m out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook .
now the machine won ' t connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only aspect_term the repair for 30 days and now i ' m out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook .
now the machine won ' t connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i ' m out of aspect_term even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook .
but , buy this model and just purchase aspect_term ( 2x2gb for $ 92 or 1x4gb for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8gb of ram .
but , buy this model and just purchase 4gb of ram ( 2x2gb for $ 92 or 1x4gb for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with aspect_term .
if you ' re looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive aspect_term , you ' d be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
aspect_term , also , was no problem for me when i used itunes ( which usually slows down my pc )
browsing , also , was no problem for me when i used aspect_term ( which usually slows down my pc )
again , decent comp for the aspect_term , and i was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful aspect_term so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
my friend just had to replace his entire aspect_term , so did my wife , and it looks like i will have to as well .
aspect_term will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and i am not kidding you , i called different hours of the day and you ' ll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they don ' t have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
aspect_term i was surprised with the performance and quality of this hp laptop .
quality display i was surprised with the aspect_term and quality of this hp laptop .
quality display i was surprised with the performance and aspect_term of this hp laptop .
the aspect_term also doesn ' t keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
the aspect_term are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
its fast , has aspect_term in the videos .
another great thing is the aspect_term .
the ease of aspect_term was terrific .
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the aspect_term cause the battery is so awesome .
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the wall charger cause the aspect_term is so awesome .
the aspect_term is probably an hour at best .
this is a review of aspect_term .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the aspect_term at the top .
but sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the aspect_term again and shut down and would not turn back on .
there ' s literally no way to make it sing with aspect_term .
aspect_term is perfect for portable use in any environment .
first , it does not have a aspect_term to open the lid .
first , it does not have a push button to open the aspect_term .
i used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old aspect_term with ht 1 gb ram sata desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago )
i used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old pentium 4 with ht aspect_term sata desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago )
i now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a aspect_term laptop .
) and printing from either aspect_term is an adventure .
after purchasing this thing , i find out that i need a special aspect_term to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
another aspect_term that is laughable is the chess game .
yes , i thought the aspect_term was a little much , but i now realize you get what you pay for .
it works great for general aspect_term , microsoft office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
it works great for general internet use , aspect_term , home bookkeeping , etc .
the aspect_term was very good , and the product is top quality .
the price was very good , and the product is top aspect_term .
it played various aspect_term without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
it played various games without problems and ran aspect_term smoothly and flawlessly .
after replacing the aspect_term the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
after replacing the hard drive the aspect_term stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
the aspect_term almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
from the get-go , the m6809 was unsteady in its aspect_term ;
its small enough where i can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough aspect_term to get everything done .
it even has a great aspect_term , and skype works very well .
it even has a great webcam , and aspect_term works very well .
i love the solid aspect_term , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop i ' ve used .
i love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the aspect_term is the best of any laptop i ' ve used .
you can even run a aspect_term easily and run any leftover pc software that you absolutely can not be without .
you can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover pc aspect_term that you absolutely can not be without .
this computer i used daily nice compact aspect_term .
the aspect_term is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft .
the ati graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older aspect_term that a intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft .
the ati graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a aspect_term would have trouble with , such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft .
it was hard to aspect_term and operate at school .
it was hard to handle and aspect_term at school .
it has easy to use aspect_term and all the speed and power i could ask for .
it has easy to use features and all the aspect_term and power i could ask for .
it has easy to use features and all the speed and aspect_term i could ask for .
my aspect_term developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the applecare warranty plan .
my power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the aspect_term .
i preferred the fit and feel of the aspect_term .
aspect_term went bad after 2 weeks .
the aspect_term takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
i regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to aspect_term .
the aspect_term did not work .
dealing with the aspect_term drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
the aspect_term on this laptop is so fast and easy , and i can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
the computer aspect_term extremely slowly , whether opening word or my computer .
the aspect_term is extremely easy to use , although very different than win xp , visa or win7 .
the mac snow leopard o/s is extremely easy to aspect_term , although very different than win xp , visa or win7 .
the mac snow leopard o/s is extremely easy to use , although very different than aspect_term , visa or win7 .
the mac snow leopard o/s is extremely easy to use , although very different than win xp , aspect_term or win7 .
the mac snow leopard o/s is extremely easy to use , although very different than win xp , visa or aspect_term .
aspect_term in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
startup in about 30 seconds , aspect_term in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , aspect_term in 0-2 seconds .
the aspect_term is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the aspect_term and the fit just feels right .
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the aspect_term just feels right .
i have only had pcs with aspect_term before so this takes a little getting use to .
super fast aspect_term and really nice graphics card .
super fast processor and really nice aspect_term .
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great aspect_term if i want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video .
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the aspect_term , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video .
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard , aspect_term , and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video .
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and aspect_term to take it with me when i take photos and video .
the only objection i have is that after you buy it the aspect_term is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
i dislike the aspect_term and size , cubersome .
i dislike the weight and aspect_term , cubersome .
the aspect_term that turns the volume up and down doesn ' t work in real time .
i can not be happier with the aspect_term or product .
i do transcription work on the side , and the aspect_term makes typing quick and easy as well .
aspect_term doesn ' t sound that great .
i love aspect_term but i can ' t give toshiba any credit for that , unless y ' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
i love windows 7 but i can ' t give toshiba any credit for that , unless y ' all get serious about aspect_term and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
i love windows 7 but i can ' t give toshiba any credit for that , unless y ' all get serious about ergonomics and making required aspect_term less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
after numerous calls to aspect_term , i was directed to send in my computer ;
the " abuse " is that i pushed the aspect_term in too hard .
the aspect_term is almost pure hd .
with all the aspect_term that came with it , such as ilife and iwork , i was set from the very beginning .
with all the programs that came with it , such as aspect_term and iwork , i was set from the very beginning .
with all the programs that came with it , such as ilife and aspect_term , i was set from the very beginning .
not sure how i recommend it for quality aspect_term , as i have a desktop rig for that reason .
great aspect_term , fast delivery computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased .
great value , fast aspect_term computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased .
the aspect_term was very slow from the very beginning .
the aspect_term becomes loose over time .
as a user of a pc , i will will admit that the macbook pro has a better aspect_term in which i found myself " getting the job done quicker .
there are no gold key numbers too intall aspect_term , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight aspect_term with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a aspect_term that weighed more than the machine itself .
enjoy that toshib aspect_term and durability unparalleled .
enjoy that toshib force and aspect_term unparalleled .
which is great i am running aspect_term and scored a 5 . x on the index i have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 ' s .
i use the computer to basically check emails , aspect_term , print coupons and for my college papers .
we love the aspect_term , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
we love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to aspect_term around .
so the fact that the computer does not aspect_term on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
i would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to aspect_term , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
the aspect_term is irreplaceable .
if you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of aspect_term and grab a 2gb stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
if you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of win 7 and grab a aspect_term to spice it all up a bit more .
i have never really been big on downloading anything so i wasn ' t too worried about getting a virus , plus i thought i was protected by aspect_term .
the aspect_term was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
the internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the aspect_term would not work at all .
it ' s aspect_term and speed enable it to do amazing things .
it ' s software and aspect_term enable it to do amazing things .
could not keep up with me and finally the aspect_term went out .
i am most impressed with the aspect_term , including the iphoto .
i am most impressed with the programming , including the aspect_term .
aspect_term too small to be of any real use .
i upgraded it ' s aspect_term to 2gb , i am very happy with it .
i purchased a toshiba satellite m60 ( with harman/kardon aspect_term ! ) in december of 2005 .
they should have included more aspect_term on their computers if they knew vista would run slowly .
they should have included more memory on their computers if they knew aspect_term would run slowly .
aspect_term could be better but overall for the price and toshiba ' s reputation for laptops it ' s great !
battery life could be better but overall for the aspect_term and toshiba ' s reputation for laptops it ' s great !
the aspect_term never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
the battery never held a aspect_term longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a aspect_term for more than ten minutes .
after the aspect_term expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
after the warrenty expired the aspect_term went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
the aspect_term is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
the neat and organized aspect_term is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
the neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing aspect_term .
i purchased this netbook after my original toshiba laptop crashed right after the aspect_term expired .
apparently well-built and gorgeous to aspect_term at , the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of aspect_term and performance .
apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and aspect_term .
the aspect_term has never failed me , and i expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
the toshiba laptop i am using is easier to aspect_term than most i have tried .
so i called compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which i shouldn ' t have had a problem getting since it was under aspect_term .
so we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it didn ' t aspect_term .
i love the aspect_term , keyboard , the functions .
i love the size , aspect_term , the functions .
i love the size , keyboard , the aspect_term .
the aspect_term is way way way to sensitve .
the aspect_term is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
the os is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to aspect_term flawlessly .
also , i issued a replacement rma for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the aspect_term , which is noticable to me .
after way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery aspect_term was slow , and without the laptop i had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when i might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in aspect_term , picture quality , and ease of use .
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , aspect_term , and ease of use .
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of aspect_term .
the aspect_term doesn ' t seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
the i3 processor doesn ' t seem to run hot and the aspect_term rarely turns on .
the aspect_term never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
the battery never held a aspect_term longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a aspect_term for more than ten minutes .
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new aspect_term , keys , and casing .
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad , aspect_term , and casing .
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and aspect_term .
see when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal aspect_term with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
the only thing i don ' t understand is that the aspect_term isn ' t high enough for some pages , such as yahoo ! mail .
the only thing i wish this had was the option to turn off the aspect_term with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
very convenient when you travel and the aspect_term is excellent .
the machine is slow to aspect_term and occasionally crashes completely .
this is great if you have several lectures back to back and don ' t have a chance to aspect_term during one of the lectures .
i wish toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the aspect_term at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
the aspect_term automatically adjusts .
i especially like the aspect_term .
besides the great aspect_term , it is a great machine .
my laptop aspect_term approximately $ 2 , 300 and died after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
the aspect_term is a bit quiet if you ' re on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
( the aspect_term is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive .
( the sata controller is the aspect_term that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive .
( the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the aspect_term talk to the hard drive .
( the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the aspect_term .
the aspect_term you have to press a little harder than most .
the aspect_term was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if i ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2 . 5 to 3 hours .
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if i ran off the aspect_term with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2 . 5 to 3 hours .
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if i ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the aspect_term would only last me on average about 2 . 5 to 3 hours .
right aspect_term and weight for portability .
right size and aspect_term for portability .
right size and weight for aspect_term .
the aspect_term also doesn ' t keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
it was loaded with aspect_term delivered with only 1gb of ram , and it was a * dog * .
it was loaded with windows vista home premium delivered with only aspect_term , and it was a * dog * .
the reflectiveness of the aspect_term is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( i prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the brightness .
the reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( i prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the aspect_term .
my one complaint with this laptop is that i ' ve noticed an aspect_term coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
my one complaint with this laptop is that i ' ve noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the aspect_term when headphones are plugged in .
while it was highly rated , would i like it ? i tried the aspect_term at the store , and it seemed ok .
treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of aspect_term like a sony , apple , or toshiba .
i have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the aspect_term .
was searching online for a aspect_term when i found this site .
but to be honest , i don ' t use my computer for anything like aspect_term and complex data analysis and gaming .
but to be honest , i don ' t use my computer for anything like graphics editing and aspect_term and gaming .
but to be honest , i don ' t use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and aspect_term .
i would rather spend my money on a computer that aspect_term more then a toshiba that isn ' t good at all .
( no problem with the ordering or aspect_term by the way .
and the aspect_term ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
and the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high aspect_term to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
and the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and aspect_term a whole lot faster than before .
the one thing i wish it had was a detailed aspect_term .
i edit and burn to dvd a lot of video , so i obviously could not live with a non-functioning aspect_term .
fast , great aspect_term !
it ' s aspect_term very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
it ' s priced very reasonable and aspect_term very well right out of the box .
you will need them if you want to reload the aspect_term ( i recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal )
while the aspect_term itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the aspect_term around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the aspect_term .
there are so many wonderful aspect_term and benefits to the new macbook !
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing aspect_term .
the only thing i can say is that the aspect_term doesnt work like it should all the time .
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great aspect_term , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic aspect_term like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the aspect_term and easy mouse pad .
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy aspect_term .
aspect_term needs more life .
for some odd reasons the computer doesn ' t reconize the aspect_term .
the aspect_term was easy to learn and navigate .
aspect_term open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
i respond that i do not have the old computer and this way i would lose the data on my aspect_term .
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load aspect_term so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english .
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my aspect_term and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english .
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with aspect_term and it seemed as though none of them spoke english .
even though the computer is larger they did not make the aspect_term larger .
we paid for the aspect_term and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
we paid for the three year warranty and the aspect_term after that one ended as well .
its not just slow on the aspect_term , its slow in general .
it has just enough aspect_term to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
it has just enough ram to run smoothly and enough aspect_term to satisfy my needs .
i acually believe the issue is with the aspect_term , but still requires a return .
my husband got me this for chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not aspect_term after 2 days .
the aspect_term is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
then just the other day , my aspect_term " button snapped !
then just the other day , my left " mouse " aspect_term snapped !
it is very easy to aspect_term on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
it is very easy to type on and feels great - besides the added aspect_term that the keyboard is lighted .
it is very easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the aspect_term is lighted .
laptop is advertised as a aspect_term " but the casing looks like that of a 17 "
laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the aspect_term looks like that of a 17 "
laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a aspect_term "
the aspect_term of this machine compared to the old macbook is far superior .
in due course , i ' ll remove the aspect_term from this new macbook pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
they break down just as often as pcs do , and the only reason they don ' t get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they ' re not better in any way , they are worse , try finding aspect_term , they don ' t exist .
but with a way bigger aspect_term , and is able to connect to an hdmi .
but with a way bigger screen , and is able to connect to an aspect_term .
the aspect_term are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side .
the graphics are awful and the aspect_term it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side .
the overall aspect_term of the unit is excellent and she ' d recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
i guess he was the aspect_term .
a seventy dollar aspect_term !
the repairs were made quickly though i must say , however the second time they aspect_term it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
when i first got it i thought the aspect_term of it was a joke .
it is fast and i have not had a problem with aspect_term or any other problems .
i ' m really impressed with the aspect_term and performance for the price of the computer .
i ' m really impressed with the quality and aspect_term for the price of the computer .
i ' m really impressed with the quality and performance for the aspect_term of the computer .
but when i received my replacement , i made both aspect_term ( 4 ) , and a driver/application dvd .
but when i received my replacement , i made both recovery dvds ( 4 ) , and a aspect_term .
in addition , there is aspect_term that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
the aspect_term are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones i have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music i suggest you get something better .
so then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the aspect_term of a new one )
it is so simple to aspect_term , i use it more than my desktop .
i also had a problem with the aspect_term that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the aspect_term to jump all over the screen .
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the aspect_term .
i have had no problems with it unlike some aspect_term defects on past models .
either way , the aspect_term is unsatisfactory .
well , i have to say since i bought my mac , i won ' t ever go back to any aspect_term .
i took it in to the apple store and guess what ? they fixed it , no aspect_term out of pocket .
the aspect_term , engineering design and warranty are superior . covers damage from dropping the laptop .
the quality , aspect_term and warranty are superior . covers damage from dropping the laptop .
the quality , engineering design and aspect_term are superior . covers damage from dropping the laptop .
the aspect_term are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer i have ever owned .
the large aspect_term gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or tv shows on your computer instead of buying an additional tv for your dorm room .
great laptop for school , easy to aspect_term for beginners in the household .
4 ) laptop still did not aspect_term , blue screen within a week .
the only thing that isn ' t perfect about this netbook is the aspect_term , they are not loud at all but i expected that .
of course , i inspected the other netbooks and clearly their aspect_term are tighter and i even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic aspect_term .
didn ' t aspect_term when shipped from walmart . com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model )
if this is an improvement in aspect_term then i would hate too see what it was before !
all of the aspect_term ( keynote , pages , numbers ) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
all of the programs ( keynote , aspect_term , numbers ) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
all of the programs ( keynote , pages , aspect_term ) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
sure , the initial out of pocket aspect_term is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when i factor in all the money in that i wasted on geek squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested pcs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines aspect_term like none other on the planet , and when i factor in all the money in that i wasted on geek squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested pcs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
the best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u can ' t company ' s like dell who allow you to choose the aspect_term are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
the best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u can ' t company ' s like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same aspect_term you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
the best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u can ' t company ' s like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the aspect_term .
there is no aspect_term on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
for me i was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and best buy matched their aspect_term so i was able to buy one for under $ 1000 .
unfortunately , apple ' s aspect_term has continued to slide .
i believe that the aspect_term of a mac is worth the price .
i believe that the quality of a mac is worth the aspect_term .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the aspect_term will not even move .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my aspect_term and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free aspect_term and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best aspect_term we can get for a great product .
i would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short aspect_term i can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
i also love the aspect_term , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
i also love the design , the aspect_term , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
i also love the design , the looks , the aspect_term , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
i also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the aspect_term is wonderfull .
the aspect_term of the macbook is horrible and confusing ;
was not happy with aspect_term on it .
also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to aspect_term computer .
the first one sent : aspect_term didn ' t work the second sent : usb didn ' t work the third sent : touchpad didn ' t work the fourth sent : hasn ' t arrived yet .
the first one sent : touchpad didn ' t work the second sent : aspect_term didn ' t work the third sent : touchpad didn ' t work the fourth sent : hasn ' t arrived yet .
the first one sent : touchpad didn ' t work the second sent : usb didn ' t work the third sent : aspect_term didn ' t work the fourth sent : hasn ' t arrived yet .
only other thing is that if you are using this for aspect_term apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of aspect_term ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for aspect_term ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but aspect_term is cheap compared to office .
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to aspect_term .
it is light and the aspect_term last a very long time .
and at one point , they blame me for installing a bad aspect_term when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( i bought the memory stick they recomended )
and at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my aspect_term for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( i bought the memory stick they recomended )
and at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( i bought the aspect_term they recomended )
externally the aspect_term on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
externally the keys on my aspect_term are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the aspect_term is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the aspect_term and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the aspect_term has a terrible glare .
the next time i had an issue my aspect_term wouldn ' t work .
the aspect_term is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
also it comes with very useful aspect_term like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had .
also it comes with very useful applications like aspect_term that it is the best photo application i have ever had .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best aspect_term i have ever had .
they don t translate from a mac , even on aspect_term , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
the acer one computer that i bought is aspect_term and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but i like the big screen on it .
the acer one computer that i bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but i like the big aspect_term on it .
summary : they played games with me for the aspect_term .
in november my computer messed up entirely and wouldn ' t power on after intalling a aspect_term , i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
in november my computer messed up entirely and wouldn ' t power on after intalling a windows update , i had to have my aspect_term flashed and lost everything on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
in november my computer messed up entirely and wouldn ' t power on after intalling a windows update , i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the aspect_term and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
i can have both aspect_term and windows xp running at the same time !
i can have both osx and aspect_term running at the same time !
overall : poor , aspect_term : average , performance : poor , battery life : excellent , price value : poor .
overall : poor , features : average , aspect_term : poor , battery life : excellent , price value : poor .
overall : poor , features : average , performance : poor , aspect_term : excellent , price value : poor .
overall : poor , features : average , performance : poor , battery life : excellent , aspect_term : poor .
microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of aspect_term problems .
the aspect_term are stunning .
( i found a 2gb stick for a bit under $ 50 ) nice and portable and definitely a decent enough aspect_term to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
after much effort and 10 days asus replaced itthe aspect_term is very weak .
you can call hp and they want you to buy more aspect_term to fix it .
it is easy to aspect_term and update programs .
it is easy to navigate and aspect_term .
, aspect_term respond immediately ( not like the tired ms applications )
, applications respond immediately ( not like the tired aspect_term )
all in all , a very disappointing experience except that i learned how good the geek squad is and also aspect_term .
the only drawback for me is how dirty the aspect_term gets , and rather quickly too .
the laptop is very lightweight , can easily aspect_term around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
the laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any aspect_term .
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many aspect_term ( ie internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie aspect_term , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie internet tabs , aspect_term , etc ) simultaneously .
i also did not like the loud aspect_term it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
i also did not like the loud noises it made or how the aspect_term would get really hot .
i had in the past a dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a aspect_term to my house to fix it .
defective aspect_term .
this computer was so challenging to aspect_term and handle .
this computer was so challenging to carry and aspect_term .
aspect_term coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
cords coming out the right for aspect_term plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
cords coming out the right for power plus aspect_term coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for aspect_term plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus aspect_term on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy aspect_term with cords going every direction .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with aspect_term going every direction .
unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working aspect_term which you can ' t find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
it is much faster than my desktop which is a aspect_term running at 2 . 83 ghz .
it is good to know that i can mobilize without having to worry about the aspect_term .
the aspect_term is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
the fact that the aspect_term reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don ' t want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
the fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don ' t want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit aspect_term .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any aspect_term .
not to mention sometimes the whole aspect_term will decide not to work entirely .
aspect_term nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
looks nice , but has a horribly cheap aspect_term .
i have other computers that get strong aspect_term that don ' t drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
i have other computers that get strong signals that don ' t drop in places that this " net " book loses its aspect_term .
the aspect_term of this is better than the toshiba , too .
i would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great aspect_term !
i upgraded the aspect_term and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home , and it runs just fine .
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base aspect_term to win 7 home , and it runs just fine .
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to aspect_term , and it runs just fine .
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home , and it aspect_term just fine .
i am not sure if it was the aspect_term itself , however ;
also , one of the users mentioned how the aspect_term on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it doesn ' t seem to be a problem .
also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the aspect_term , it doesn ' t seem to be a problem .
it is easy to aspect_term , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
it is easy to use , its aspect_term easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
it is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its aspect_term is fantasic .
called acer many times , they want me to pay the aspect_term to ship it to their repair center - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
called acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their aspect_term - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
i should have checked this before i installed my aspect_term .
the aspect_term is really long .
anyway , in early july of this year , the aspect_term stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
anyway , in early july of this year , the dvd burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with aspect_term .
had some trouble finding a aspect_term that it would fit in .
this computer that i have has had issues with the aspect_term where it lost half the keyboard functions .
this computer that i have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the aspect_term .
comes with aspect_term ;
computer has been at aspect_term more than in my hands .
when i called sony the aspect_term was great .
even though i had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the aspect_term .
it is a much more streamlined aspect_term for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
it is a much more streamlined system for adding aspect_term , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , aspect_term , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
my computer froze on several occasion , had aspect_term that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
not even aspect_term boots .
this is an over-sized , aspect_term laptop .
i had to pay $ 100 for a aspect_term for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
the aspect_term opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
1 . you can not change your aspect_term ( window ' s 7 starter does not support that function )
1 . you can not change your desktop background ( window ' s aspect_term does not support that function )
1 . you can not change your desktop background ( window ' s 7 starter does not support that aspect_term )
took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different fedex offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse aspect_term in the world .
then after 4 or so months the aspect_term stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new aspect_term just to keep this computer running .
as usual at aspect_term , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( i could see them )
the aspect_term gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it ' s very noticeable .
strengths : well-shaped weaknesses : a bad aspect_term !
you can ' t even get a aspect_term which is why i bought to begin with .
the aspect_term , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
the battery life , before the aspect_term completely died of course , left much to be desired .
it is a real aspect_term , not the toy i saw in other brands .
long story , but after many calls to various offices , i was told that no one can override the aspect_term and that managers don ' t take phone calls or e/mails .
aspect_term and purpose is awesome !
wonderful aspect_term .
the aspect_term is huge and coloful , but no led backlighting .
in all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal aspect_term laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
everything about this computer is easy to aspect_term .
worse , for the aspect_term i could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
it had most of the aspect_term and all of the power that i wanted to replace my desktop machine .
it had most of the features and all of the aspect_term that i wanted to replace my desktop machine .
aspect_term was also very nice and had a solid feel .
it did not have all the aspect_term i expected it to have .
no luck , although i waited for hours on the phone-visited machouse , they stated the their aspect_term is down due to too many phonecalls ( difficult to believe )
there is a aspect_term which is perfect for typing in the dark .
it has a lot of aspect_term and a great battery life .
it has a lot of memory and a great aspect_term .
i spoke with a aspect_term at micro center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it ' s not just an isolated incident !
i spoke with a service rep at micro center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her aspect_term , so it ' s not just an isolated incident !
i love this aspect_term , it is superior to windows movie maker .
i love this program , it is superior to aspect_term .
he has replaced his aspect_term twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
he has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for aspect_term every year .
this purchase opened me to the world of macbooks , and i am impressed with the intuition of the aspect_term , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
this purchase opened me to the world of macbooks , and i am impressed with the intuition of the design , the aspect_term of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
the aspect_term is great for this model , i only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
it seemed to be a very nice laptop except i was not able to load my aspect_term or microsoft office 2003 .
it seemed to be a very nice laptop except i was not able to load my garmin gps software or aspect_term .
i ' ve also had to have the aspect_term replaced at my expense .
i had the aspect_term telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
i had the staff telling me older version did not make the aspect_term cause it is a " different " computer .
was very much worth the aspect_term i paid .
even out of aspect_term !
this is a great little computer for the aspect_term .
crisp aspect_term , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
crisp screen , great aspect_term , and plenty of storage .
crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of aspect_term .
all aspect_term are always wiling to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the aspect_term split in half just from everyday use .
the toshiba satellite has been more than i expected for the aspect_term .
i had to adjust my aspect_term , because it is very sensitive .
i wish aspect_term or ms office came with the mac , but ms office doesn ' t even come with most pc laptops .
i wish iwork or aspect_term came with the mac , but ms office doesn ' t even come with most pc laptops .
i wish iwork or ms office came with the mac , but aspect_term doesn ' t even come with most pc laptops .
aspect_term is plastic and spongey feeling .
previous laptops were pc ' s , still have them , but the aspect_term is a clean and smooth operating system .
previous laptops were pc ' s , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth aspect_term .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the aspect_term which most laptops do not have .
because he said that the aspect_term is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
because he said that the hinge is under the aspect_term and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
you can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was aspect_term and boy o boy does it ever .
i love my apple , it is quick and easy to aspect_term .
with notes saying they replaced the aspect_term .
the laptop is relatively simple to aspect_term , though i bought macs for dummies , which is well worth $ 2 .
can ' t close the 2nd aspect_term since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still doesn ' t shut ) that could be a major flaw for the dual hdd user .
no aspect_term on the display .
the aspect_term , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse .
the leather carrying case , aspect_term and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse .
the leather carrying case , keyboard and aspect_term arrived in two days from memphis warehouse .
the aspect_term is among the best .
thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the aspect_term will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what i mean .
it ' s now all aspect_term .
we also use aspect_term so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional , windows 7 home premium , windows server enterprise 2003 , and windows server 2008 enterprise .
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of aspect_term , windows 7 home premium , windows server enterprise 2003 , and windows server 2008 enterprise .
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional , aspect_term , windows server enterprise 2003 , and windows server 2008 enterprise .
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional , windows 7 home premium , aspect_term , and windows server 2008 enterprise .
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional , windows 7 home premium , windows server enterprise 2003 , and aspect_term .
how toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the aspect_term done 5 times .
i would like to use a different aspect_term altogether .
